You know that what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see it as a fire, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen an farmers.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and electricity.
And you know that an epiphany is generally something that falls you somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an electricity.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Blackberry.
It's the kind of complicated circle which I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the middle school in School, in Stanford, Ohio.
When they were beaten to save every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me alive.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from town.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a love -- and in the '70s, I felt the need to start working on organizations who fight against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone called a phone called the Panish lady who said, "I have to see it.
I'm arguing that of adults we never get to know them.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've ever found.
And I should tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to get stuck with this please.
Well, the next day we were in Claudia.
We went to see it, we took us, we called it, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we intervene it, and we took them out of their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to meet me, it became a selling box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle was closed, it had become a circle -- and that power that I was talking about was made in itself.
The power is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I'm very sure that today I talked about this today.
It also needs -- you need dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I went for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first neuroscientists.
I was amazing.
My heart quickly fast, was short, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The typical telescopes around me get out of the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think it was a snow of snow on another snow of snow after year.
The names were born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break ice bars.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are going to be getting up and clinging to the end, whereas others can't withstand them more and they were delivered in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a type, which are self-conscious and alone, largely as we see ourselves as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a type of the short, I am breathing their ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts, it releases rich fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I approach to photograph these types of types as if it was the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are just that way and not going to exist that way again.
It's not the death when you get away, it's not an end, but a continuation of your way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the Tinsoles who photographed is very young -- has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a teacher that I photographed in Brazil Greenland.
It's a little bit often to actually get a red tight.
Here you are.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your flower line.
You can see here, it starts to reduce, the ship has moved down to the other side, and the man is there.
This is a Greek tree of the average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so we notice, the iceberg shows a different side of his personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1998, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of them would be a baby. Okay.
So, two couples every one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of the conference, because if you stop thinking about the conference itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about it for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the flight.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joined the X X crime.
They both try and start life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
And in my activity it takes two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of anatomy.
I am a student for training, and what I study in this case is the way people get the anatomy -- -- and human bodies and animals, how they've considered the body fluid, the idea of the body, what you've thought about the body.
The other role that shows up in my work is activist -- as a patient advocate or, as I say sometimes, defense defenses of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working for example, for example, with Syrian twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with the season, much more low than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with anthropologist sex, individuals whose physical technology don't fit into the male schools and conventional female schools.
In general lines, we can call it international.
International interviews, adopted many ways.
I'm going to put you a few examples of ways to have a sex that is not sad in male or female forms.
For example, it's the case of the computer with base called 17th, whose gene Star of chromosome -- and it tells the prototypes, that we all have in the fundamental life, which become temperatures.
And then, in the particular life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the supply of instruments to antibiotics.
So, there are levels of testosterone but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed following a typical female course.
When I was born, the baby has a little bit of a child.
It's a kid. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not to the puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is going on.
And after making it test you realize that instead of having the stores and the thing, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called glaciers supporting them.
They're on the front of the body.
Global glands produce antibiotics, the marriage hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know their structure, I think to be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to antibiotics.
We produce antibiotics and we respond to antibiotics.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to antibiotics than the woman who was born with temperatures that have the supply of instruments to antibiotics.
That's why sex is complicated -- it's not that interviews are in the middle of the spectrum, in a certain way can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old girl called and raised as a view, had noise, and sex relationships with her, he took a life as a kid, and I just found out that he had ovarian and the thing.
He had an extreme way of a disease known as diagnosis supporting connection.
I had 20th chromosomes. And in the uterus the glands were so active that, essentially, created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genetics were married, their brain was exposed to the very male hormone of hormone that was typically manually.
I was born with a kid, no one was holding anything.
And it was at the age of 19 when I started having medical problems caused by internal mentor, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman.
Well, another quick example of a case of interviews.
Some people with 20th chromosome develop what they know as a cloud, and they have advanced tissue wrapped in technical tissue.
We don't know why it happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- "All of them are obese, signals or interactivity -- they tend to be able to completely be able to abuse a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that you have several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy has a particular identity.
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity, supporting it, being black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with the signature.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about aging.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic indicators.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people inside a body.
The slow recent case is last year with the South African corridor Canada Senator, he stood up in a trial, his sex in the International Olympics.
Many journalists called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine if married Sandy is man or women?
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, we know now that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't take a linear line between men and women or men and interests and workers and interests and interests, we are the ones who bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more you add science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were state carbon categories that are contributed directly with categories including stable, are much more painful than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens much more complicated than the temporary temperature is.
As we see, we get into a climbing terrain.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What do we do in the fact of designing them in just a few nutrients?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we have are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body takes human and has different rights to the photos.
There are very elaborate discussions today -- not in public -- but I know within medicine about when someone considered death.
Our ancestors never had to go with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a square front of the nose and if you move you still don't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this catastrophe explosion could be tied to someone like me.
In politics I'm progressive, I mean people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
I consider that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about me.
You have from the concept of view of the democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a storyteller of the founding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and sold and so radical in what they did, that I find each other by seeing that music courage "The County and not for the music, which is totally happy.
That's what happened in 1777 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was a analyzed concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what our parents would remember was the idea of the monarchy. The monarchy is based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The monkeys of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power for the right of blood transportation from the grandfather to the father, and then the son, etc.
The founding parents would take that idea and replace it by a new online concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They live the game field and decided that the anatomy that matters was common anatomy and not the analog differences, that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an equal system that they were getting together two things.
It was preparing democracy and the same time was born science.
And it's very clear: if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were designed from supernatural explanations and because they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by an idea of birth right.
They were moving into a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of independence, talk about the nature and the god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in contrast, we were transforming the idea of the ancient contraction.
And by doing that, they were feeling the basis of the future movement of civil rights.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years of years about?
And women were created.
Then I came up the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from South State Treasure, which said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who attract the Atlantic commercial on the ancient difference and, again, created.
We see the same thing with the Disease movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the constants we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain dinosaurs.
But attention, I want to keep some analog divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights to a human.
I don't mean that we need to be recorded before anatomy.
I don't mean that the five year-old kids were supposed to allow them to have sexual relationships or short.
There are some analog dinosaurs that for me make sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings that are coming up at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of them rely on the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time, June 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of the March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary was attributed all three months before Henry -- right to the sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because he has a different biological age, but he was born later.
We found other books in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- I haven't told you whether it's A.I. in virtue of being considered man now is possible from the mandatory device that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Martin, for its part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can be married in all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So still permanent categories that in various ways are problematic and constant.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science is so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could deliver it?
I don't want to go back to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science was scared.
Where are we going to go?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to throw the line somewhere so we are going to do it.
But many people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosomes and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice they don't make any care about people.
But this is also very strange to give you the story that I told you at the beginning of the secretary to the antibiotics.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King in his speech, "I have to give you a solution.
He says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, go beyond the anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of your cartoon?
I want to point out also that I am not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee the rights to people, because I have to admit that I know about some of the governors that they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some cartoons that I know can make more informal decisions and intelligent and mature about their sexual relationships than people who know about.
So how do you put the subject of the character content.
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could in the future will be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
We really want to get to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States will continue to make this condition of thinking about the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the anger that a man who feels attracted by other men is sustainable to be killed, unless it's willing to smile.
We're not in that situation.
I was glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done a couple of years ago that I would give birth to wild twins and then pick up their fame as well.
But when the phone asked him the reason that the operation was asked -- a very risky operation, I would answer that in that other country, these kids would be very male and so I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, have you considered the political asylum instead of the service service?
The United States offers enormous possibilities to people to be who they are not forced to change for the sake of the state.
So I think we need to be in the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had gotten more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and it is that I think there may be different ideas coming out of different analog techniques, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in international, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, in average, but in average, tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the puncture, one of my heroes who knew that I was interested in the feminist -- I would consider me feminist -- like now, made me a strange plant.
"I know what the feminist has about female."
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've heard.
The feminism has to do with destroying gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminist.
But the more I've thought about her question, the more it has seemed to me that there is something female in the neocortex.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more access to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if the parents were very aware to find the way to protect people from the state, it is possible that, of course, more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the support of reconciliation.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the attraction, think less about the individual body, in terms of identity and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect unit, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go live and work and have the possibility to choose between at least a bunch of different cities that are competing to attract new restaurants.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get it.
But the amazing thing about cities is it will be much more than their cost of construction.
So we could easily deliver the world tens -- maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replaced by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of them who want to live in apartments were already presented and that the other half is still missing to do it.
They might try to increase the ability to do amazing things in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the military and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all those morality.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building -- always and when the rules of that particular place will be construction rather than putting it work.
So I proposed governments to create new areas of reforms enough enough to continue cities and give them a name, cities under aesthetic cities.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Japan and Alice were thinking about the challenge of reform June.
They knew that every year around 75,000 holes were out of his country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, holes went through a constraints that was desperately.
In the next regular elections, Pete London was installed with a platform in which I promised reforms and at the same time.
He asked Alice to be his boss of gap.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal talk.
Through a process of performance, trial and error and a whole bunch of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those norms that say that you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartments.
We put a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technology as a norms to protect them, and it's usually the rules that make us move forward.
On the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala. A friend of Guatemala.
I showed John.
They called me.
They said, "You know this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Mexico, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their common cost.
And it uses this image that shows the land value in a place like New York City, September, the terrain that, in some cases, it will be thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, Andrew said, "Oh, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a very simple city is a place where it starts with recording terrain -- a status that specifies the rules that apply there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Honor called me, and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to add.
I asked me to go to Telescope and talk again about four and five of January, five.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, that I tried to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denny and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denison.
Just this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the holes that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that means at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world was cutting up.
The faces of the audience were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Can Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
I have here in my computer.
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice from a city that you could be in Hondura, rather than hundreds of miles away north.
And they also include new choices for leaders.
Because the government leaders of Hong need help of the hotels of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that help them to establish and make the rules of the status so that everybody could trust that the status effectively comes true.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about 1,000 square miles.
And shortly after the 19 percent of January, they voted in Congress to find their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional encouragement was 125 to one.
All the paradigms, all the favorites in society, the resistance.
In the consumption, you have to get twice in Congress.
On February 17th, again in another voting from 111 to one.
Immediately after the visit, from 21 to 24 percent of February, a decade of about 30 toilets was the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new new center of the city that is built in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston center of Boston.
All you see there was built in four years, after I spent four years to get permission for four years.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that allowed the advertising to come, and at the same time they allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow her Supreme Court to be the last instance for this new judicial system.
There are urbanism and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that you've solved is that you have a good number of people.
There are many companies who want to be installed in America, especially in a place with a trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go live there.
There are 700 million people who say they would like to change the other place.
There are a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go to get a job, sometimes they're mothers who have to earn money for just eating or buying clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even children are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade in a decade.
So, what does it look like to think about building a new city in Honora?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What would you seem to think about inspiring the families between various cities that are competing to attract new responsibilities?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "The TED TED."
I'm Jesse and this is my valley.
But before I show you what is inside, I'm going to make a public confession -- and that is that, I live obsessed with the broadcast.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog broadcast and colorful and different for each time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of punch markets and second hands.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand shops allow me to reduce the impact of my shoes in the environment and in my bicycle.
And I come to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and I buy it become my personal temperature quest.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It will be my table."
I would like color.
I cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel like I've won.
I'm going to go back to the theme of my vacuum, I want to tell you what I ran for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone that has all that radio?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of clothes, and nothing else.
I was interrupted for exactly a week is all I've put in my Valley.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else I want to use after getting here to Palm School.
And because I don't know how the woman walking around TED in the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called the bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost see you filmed for less than 50 dollars.
All the way, including the card, cost me 25, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Longers, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're seeing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Voice: The integration is supporting them.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surrounded by the right people, you don't just understand you, you also appreciate you.
Mission: Garden of the child who gets inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the discoveries, or I remind their age seven years.
I like to store and say, "Thank you.
Johnson. Trust is the key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost safe that you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, probably also true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood her meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and external person, you don't see that you can't attract them.
So there's no excuse for anybody from this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Venus, a universal truth six words for you, the golden performances go with everything.
And finally, support, develop a personal style and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up with me this week just because of what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little block.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some things.
I don't need to look emotionally to these things, because at the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit and colorful and brilliant train, and if there is a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the adventure of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where would you look at your brain in this scale?
Some of these extremes are going to operate by one of these extremes but I think for most of the ingredients of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great deal in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that as most of the other physical quantum physicists, we need a lot of logic to confront these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuitive intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We tend to play with them, and then we see how to react and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Some intuition that you may have developed with the step of the years is the one that says that one thing can be just in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't get born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember watching a child playing on a parking bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, it always got off.
But I bet that play with that parking bar I showed you a valuable lesson and is that big things don't allow the trains, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, playing with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point you found the physics a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That's not very good to my intuition. And maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particle, either.
But I don't know about my logical side.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then I shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And therefore I felt much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical supply.
What we see here is a small computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small piece of metal.
What we see is a little bit of metal, with a spectacular way of tracks, and it keeps supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this with a nervous picture of swimming, which is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in quantum superconductor, but for it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm on an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go out to stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, scared.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that sticks it and the wind that happens on its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to be shared according to quantum mechanics, we would have to give all the other passengers together.
And that's what we did.
We store the lights -- then we introduced a vacuum and we extract all the air, and then we put it into a temperature of less than a degree for the absolute zero.
Now, when you're just on the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of being perfectly warmed, I was vibrating -- and the way I was flying was like a breathing in this way -- like a flow that is expanding and over.
And when you give them a pressure steel, we could make it live and not live at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vivid thing is not alive at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case all of the atoms of atoms that make that piece of metal are taken and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just a certain instant when those are going on.
In the rest of the time they're devastating.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It's worth going on in a clean room in a clean room to do this for all those years, because you look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places. Why don't you also do it?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time. What would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was depressed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it is when we heat it, and we put the lights up and look inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition. All the objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just doing in a small space.
You hear a lot about how quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the deep narrative of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Africa.
And 18 months ago, I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that I was here and that allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo here.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
Gold of a great education -- I didn't get treated, but I had no access to many of these museums and art work.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've carried out from their launch.
So simply we go to Bangladesh.
Look around all the museums that we have.
It's the Operation galleries -- the Mary, the French, the Billions of the Google Gates.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Merchant, the New York art museum in New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and fall, we are already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Burgarith or Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and discovered.
They want to navigate by the music?
We open up the planet top, and with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go to the end of the hall.
Keep it forward. Have it divided.
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Professors of Peter in the Mechanical.
I see the Z.
If the museum shows you the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all of the devices of metabolism.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click out there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the glacier technology.
So this image -- for example, I think, I think, about 10 million pixels on it.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million peace?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels you get.
It can make it very simple around it.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to do it deep.
So I started play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "Wait time, this seems interesting.
I went out and found that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit, I talked to some people from the Merchant, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "The The Beach that is collided a window with a stick, the Marine Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to make it even more in depth and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to open up the image, so you'll see what there is.
Here's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to go down again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The studies of Street."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the paradigms?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh is actually created this master work?
It actually increases it and actually does it.
I go to one of my favorite parts on this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The Studio night. I think I never saw it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite function.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "The "slices?
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manufacturer, that gives you the same.
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go in, I've created this function that I call "The power of the court," we just made a bus around.
It's about "The Allier National Galapagos.
You can pick up things, send them to their friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when they looked at these teachers.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, even not coming from museums.
I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium does justice to its art work and it's represented in line.
And the big question to me today is, "Are you doing this to repeat the experience of going to a music?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a steel, a flying acceleration.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I am from Iraq Iraq, all kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting is that this is a very interesting thing in the French careers in the last two decades.
Now a while ago, if you wanted to win a French career. You would take a budget and grab it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and a action.
Now what's interesting is that real time systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and elephants.
They're becoming computers in free air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and active.
Adapting cities is big.
As I noticed I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these determined and activity are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Antarctica for the end of year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The Middle York.
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk.
It's sort of like almost all existing atoms become sensors and actives.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with outer environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Manhattan Alan.
You know, when Martin London sculpt the Mars, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he threw it to the Moses -- and he would still see a little microphone underneath it, and he said, "You don't get paradise?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insist in the idea of capturing the environment and acting something.
Let's start with detection here.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer on top of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of Zimbabwe, I gave the heart.
And anyway, at the end, I won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colombia in the middle and the Toronto River.
It's morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
At the early afternoon, there are people over here and they make calls -- moving.
So start the game, silence.
Francisco Garden, Gore from Italy.
Unfortunately, people make a quick call and go into the bathroom, right?
Second time. End of reflective time.
First additional time, second time.
Zimbab, and in a moment, the head.
Gandhi Isaac, yeah.
That night they were all going to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of time.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the picture of the place called Christ Mandela, where, from the Roman time, people are going to celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city of the city in a way that we couldn't do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but of things we use and consume it.
Today we know all about the progression of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that we put on a Mac -- how they were spent up.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in its decrease by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently over a year ago, to tag what they were driven, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that anyway.
Then we put a little chip, a strand, to the garbage and then we started to get married.
These are the results.
So stop from Seattle.
After a week.
So with this information, we realized that there are many infrastructure in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
It's happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we would flow out is that it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we shoot one day is still there.
That if we show people that, then we can promote some change of behavior.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Atlantic Biology, could tell you much more about detection and many other cool things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is active about the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zimbabwe.
It all started with a question of the city mayor -- that came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology be able to be, the new technology, take it to that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- was, imagine that you have a chaos and vaccines, solar tube, lens that open and shut down.
It is created as a water cut, with water accelerators.
If you fall the pixels you can write on them, show patterns, images, texts.
And when you zoom forward, the curtain is open so that we can pass it, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Beatles Belli.
I liked a lot of it.
And it was a committee to design the building to the entrance of the exhibition.
We call it Digital Waterfall.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows but when you squeeze it out, so you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a bit of wind, if you want to minimize the sandwiches, you get the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappeared, like this case.
Those days always have someone, in the winter -- when they go down the roof, someone who was there and said, "I have the building.
No, it's not that they have dependent it down, but when they go down almost all the architecture disappear.
Here it is working.
You see the people who are intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am trying to not move to the test of the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of Zuris children came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go, but a building that kept making flesh and water holes and you had to jump out to not move.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, always thinking about using people giving our designs to us.
But then the reality always is improvising.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pieces, the water pixels and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that you could have little helicopter in the air, and each one had a little stickers that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the privacy.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that screen appeared in different scales and sizes.
And that then all of that could be a cloth cloud in 3D to which you can zoom in, and go back, and see from very diverse perspectives.
This is the real Palestinian compared, it's going to go down to form a Vietnam, like before.
When the light, it looks like this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bollywood -- of the best ballet dancers today, the New York City star in New York to capture their movements in 3D and use it as a forest for the Fingertips.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pigs, the capture in different resolution.
It's so different 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild the entire movement.
You can walk all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and reduction.
We want to use this as a possible power for the Pineage.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- and change our environment -- as a cloud of clouds, like the graduate beauty, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody take a little bit for a pink.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spent the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- the Obama campaign showed you, we can move from the digital world, the violent power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbols.
That meant something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do you go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of approaches in the same way that real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are a piece.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered free.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, it will serve to share the main moments of the Olympics Olympic Genes and even more, and it can be used as a way of connection to the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can rise, like a new top of London.
You can go there.
As if it was a new digital phase at night, but the most important thing is it will be a new experience for anybody who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they might improve memory for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways, to be stronger to be more responsible.
Would you like to be more attractive and more confident of yourself.
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else is I going to like it?
What would you like to do if you could choose something?

How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
few, you probably had the number of creative creative people.
That's very good.
How many of you choose the memory.
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
What about linked?
Ah, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
It's just imagination?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a theme sitting here at the TED Conference -- but today I want to give you the view of a doctor about it.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED, Departments, who also found at the Red Ireland Church, wrote a telephone telephone "The biology makes sense to the light of evolution.
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this, it's just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an end, is, of course, the one that interests us.
We went from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval, there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hospital.
Some of you have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
They realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, complex constant, which comes out of the parachute.
And talk about bacteria -- you realize that we all take into the most bacterial gut than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Atlantic Daniel asks them about the automation?
International is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, astronomy, it's very speaker.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort of your part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the operating interview of some force to the output.
But so we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest nuclear nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what would the future stop us?
We're in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or are we destined to become something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast inflation of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief common, the animal kingdom, as one and only company, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the intrinsic part of this talk, so I hope they have enjoyed it.
When I first entered college, I had my first kind of biology.
It was fascinated by the electricity and the beauty of biology.
I love the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the approaches of the life, every cell simply divide and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of the cell.
But when the moral organisms appear -- things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes prepared.
In fact, you could say that the uncertainty of the death of the body is in evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, secretary, sympathetic, death for sex, seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that I was going on, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand George Bush, who still acted in Las Vegas in his 90 years.
And one night someone beat his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, he finds a magnificent light of clothes.
He looks at it and he says, "You're looking for a sex of sex."
"That's right? He says George -- I chose the soup.
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different goal at the goal of evolution, not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted to make us healthy.
I wanted to restore health in the disease.
I wanted you to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is going to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival after generations.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like reference rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next arbitrary level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that William Allen did when he said, "I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to make it not men.
Evolution doesn't necessarily face longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or the strongest or the faster, and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best creative creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean the tiny bacteria that can survive the heat of the funding that they produce -- if there were fish there, fish killed the cow, yet they have managed to do that an antibiotic environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been destroyed and removed from population.
And secondly, as a species, we have considered our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, male millions, and we are all adverse so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for the evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional type, natural growing, tax by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the embracing of evolution has removed delivering, but they're unbelievable.
And in the atmosphere, when as a species of a distributed planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility and intuitive and frightening.
The new news, the new evolution -- which is not just natural -- but they are selling and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions that we make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
First of all, we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they are choosing having more variations than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it is what is chosen at the individual and family.
Think also that if you could be able to choose not just the sex of your offspring.
What if we could do the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or remove the observation?
You don't want to do those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it sued 13 years.
It costs 2,500 million dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of three billion base pairs of human genome to a cost close to the 20,000 and a week.
It doesn't make a lot of a lot to do the human genome for $1,000 and getting more and more to the scope of all.
Those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that aren't just going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe it or not there is an experimental trial in course with the vaccine against growing crops in a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that it comes out of the time."
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
So imagine only two little changes.
Can you change your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your desperation?
And if they could change the sperm and the volumes, or change the flying volume, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes -- reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children.
And then, that same analytical technology, that same movement of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt supermarkets, Hillary a better memory.
Why don't you have the infection of a Ken Jennifer especially if you could go up with the next generation of the Warren machine.
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why don't they live more time?
This is going to be internationally.
And when we are in conditions to pass this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have the evolution of before in the news.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to get to them.
We're going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more consideration.
Or are we going to choose different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others.
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more united or more robust, and more vertically?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all, we're going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit wisdom necessary to take these decisions out of it.
For good or for bad, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 100 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine doing classroom, close, close.
Clean, close, close, close. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 17.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot had already seen the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot is the airplane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
The motors came up.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most devastating words you've heard.
He said, "Thank you for impact.
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life is over.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before I die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all of the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to reproduce, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that later -- I came up with a phrase, which is, "The bad sold bad."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to catch anything in life.
And that arm, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we avoid the George Washington bridge, which was not for a lot of -- I thought about, wow, I really feel like a great session.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, I have tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity I also put place to my ego.
And I forgot the time that you wake up in things that don't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a media on that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to get right. It will be failed.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to go, "Oh, 14, 14."
You see water approaching.
I'm saying, "Please come back."
I don't want this to be rounded in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went back, I had the feeling of it, and I was dying to die.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness is written in a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- Allan --   And scream -- crying, as a little bit.
And for me, that was all the reason for the world.
At that point, I understood those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
All over all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle, not to die that day.
And I became another gift, which was the chance to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You who are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please not be like that -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What would you do, you still expect to do because you think you're going to live forever.
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that they can."
Thank you.
Clearly I've been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graduates in the 1980s.
One day he came home after he walked home and said, "Dad, I feel a title in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
The TED today has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His job is to influence me.
I have a design and animation company, so obviously the graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to persuade Tony and TED, and his cause.
So I went and met her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me.
And I said, "A second, not that -- you see Stephen Hawking, is it not that all the people who are parallel can communicate through those strategies?
And he said, "No, unless you are important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not accessible for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the film "The Scottish and the Malawi."
They communicate in that way, they're going to be mixed with the finger.
I said, "That's artificial. How can it be?"
So I was presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that, I signed a joke that had no idea how I was going to cover it.
I bought me with his brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the test, Tony is going to talk to you, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back and make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner can't communicate it.
So I spoke in a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called GPS Research, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then with a laser panel, drawing about that and record the negative space.
So they're going to be doing art facilities like this.
All the things that are coming, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the Boston attacks, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much moving things from one side to another had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of the insurance companies and we got a machine so that Twitter could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking Commission.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it Alex because when I talk to the guy you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy's fantastic.
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the Earth of all the revenues on the planet, to our house.
My wife, the children and I, we moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and constants and antibiotics took control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we went back to have taken out the squares of the walls and in their place there would be gravity.
But for two weeks we show, we went to Venice Martin -- my son was part of it, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called Africa, and you can see the description of it.
They are a couple of random silk glasses that we bought in the Martin Berkeley Martin step and some of the Harry Denser things and Robert Shanghai.
We took a GPS camera, we opened it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- and they built yourself -- we published free code, the software is low for free.
And we created a device that has no limits at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospitals that I can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is someone else's room, and that's his room.
There was all this blood and mythology during the great army.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions of all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and you're looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking outside of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends, and he was imagining what the feeling was in the parking seat.
The funny thing was that we had to put it in the parking lot, so we feel like we were legally linked the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue and pulled me out there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful.
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, develop us.
And we have a long way to walk with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a Mars Marie.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong had something about us and then in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 invented in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all of this -- this is what ended up closing the circle, is that in April this year in the Miller George in the center of the Los Angeles is going to have an exhibition called "Stage in the Cars."
And "Start in the Carls, it's going to have the best expressions of the urban art -- Zambian Campaign, Sydney Farm, CO2, all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible, to make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- scale, the computer, the microphone, the College, nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with recognition technology -- I just recognize something and I was associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when you find something that you feel like you have to do. If you're not now, when, and if I'm not me, who is it?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years in the last few years in general situations and at the same time a very dangerous.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked in a coal mine, dangerous.
I filmed in areas of war, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I have been immersed in the situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try and examine social issues in ways that are attending attractive, interesting, and, hopefully, analyze it in a way that you see intense and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come up here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and pathology wanted to do something a little different.
So, some of you may have heard about it, or not a couple weeks ago, I got an airplane in Egypt.
I sent some messages in Facebook, some in Twitter, offered in selling the rights of my TEDTalk TEDTalk nation.
What was the following: "The Christian President, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about and according to content could be explored in the face, especially if I put it back to you or your company when you do it.
But he said this, it's a very good weather opportunity.
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a program in progress, by the way.
So even with that wild knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I am working on, we looked at the world of the marketing, the advertising world.
And as I said before, I've been able to put myself in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be prepared, nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Scholars, I want to make a film that comes to the production of products and marketing and advertising -- and that all the film is funded with plant and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest fish almost victim.
What happens in "The greatest film is that all the way down to the bottom -- the beginning of the end, has imaging images, all the time, from the authority that appears before the title -- the X-ray brand.
Now this brand -- we need Stanford, the Center Center.
These people are associated by the film to present, forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Audience Katrina" is robot? It's what?
I'm a robotic pig.
It was "The Persian Personal."
But we're not just going to have the X marks paleontologist on the title but we're going to make sure of adopting all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've ever used.
The most cool car that you've been driving in "The greatest movie ever sold the best transport you have been been been been been been already continuously, continuous from "The greatest movie ever selling.
Jack Kimber: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making it fund the film?
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film of the beginning at the end.
And I would love that CO2 helps me make it happen.
Robert Frank -- you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Good. However, I don't know how to remember this is going to be people to that.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "Thank you "way, it's very negative, but you know how it's going to report? (Audience: No idea.
MS: One and a half million -- -- -- -- "Thank you very good, John Kanton, I think it's going to be hard the meeting with them, but that certainly is going to be worth contributing to a couple of big markets.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look like a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia. Most of the answers will be "No."
MS: But it's going to be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So, they helped me. I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right.
MK: We need to think about what brands are.
MS: Yeah.
MK: We have some places where they go.
MS: I thought that "Start camera means we have a conversation out of microbe.
The camera means, "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these sudden companies.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought that the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media is not the idea to count with that new attention of attention that is going to lead the message to the matters?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a glass error and that mistake was this.
It didn't really have a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what represents this picture.
See, when you look for a picture of American images, in Google --   this is one of the first images that came up.
I like your way to reduce, Sergey Brazil.
This was the problem: transparency, simulation of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seeing, easily understood -- which is characterized by visual or information accidents, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest line.
You see, hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president of the name, even the CEOs are name.
But all of a sudden when it's trying to make something really suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  like that weird bear that still keeps it.
It's improvising.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it really absolutely?
They eat an entire cup of Cambodia Washington.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell me a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell support stories.
See, when I was a kid, I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lying, and there he is looking like he used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help -- that only because I met John Bond and Richard King of many years, I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to go through the interview and go to companies myself.
So what I started to address suddenly -- I started to realize, is that when you start to convince you with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, enormous, giant films and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make great Hollywood movies are saying that the reason their films have so much success is due to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are you supposed to compete with these big, giant movie films?
And the movie is called "The Great Beep Beethoven."
How are we going to see B specifically in the movie.
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my business, you'll see the desperation Bang.
At any point during an interview with somebody -- I can say, "I'm good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there was one of these fabulous branches.
Both "The Florida, like "The Paralysis, are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for men like for women, solid, bus, barrier, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer their questions and give them a portrait view.
Karen Franklin. We're a small brand.
It looks like the smallest film of films that you say, we're more good at a blood brand.
So we don't have the budget who have other brand.
So doing things like that, you know, remembering B to people is the reason that this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang!"
Good is in white.
KB: That's a big question.
Woman: upper technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the Amazon.
Man: Let's talk about something audience, cool stuff.
I believe that "The "This is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus "the smell and supply."
It keeps you.
How do you keep more carbon before? With better crimes, more crowds, three times cheaper.
Things like those who are reducing the benefits.
MS: And that's a malaria company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man of the street, the people like me, the ordinary Peace.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: Show me my market?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: I was revealing the '80s, "slide Punishment, unless it is day to wash it.
MS: Okay, what is the Germany brand.
Germany. Something unique. (Audience: One man, I guess the kind of gender, the style I have to be like a dark people.
I like the dark colors, a lot of gray and things like that.
Usually I take access like sun games, or I like the crystals and the same.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic chemistry, Mexico Benki.
Man 2: The brand I am, I call it the card that I am.
Woman 2: In part of a sentence, in part of Viedron, in part of Bell Bronx, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of marketing.
I sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is February because I got the market.
Man 5: Martin 50 managers, failed.
That's what it is.
And I am a lawyer, a drop.
Tom Take. I'm Tamil.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom Tampa, but often I was pleased in the intersection of "the dark "compassion," and the car capture.
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help us understand what they call the "God Company.
And I found a company called Olympic Zen in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like New Ferrand, French to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Army -- transported pictures -- right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world -- I think your world is the world in which you live, as people who surround you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and they start in a place and my case will be organized and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next thing you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like the weird things. I like weird things.
A: How many of the "fellows" -- for what is that going to do to us?
What is the machine? What phase of rotten you find you now?
Why is it important to reconstruct? What represents the red.
Tell me a little bit about that.
It's a little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other mechanics have you had.
You have to have fear. What kind of rollercoaster are you?
MS: Airport. (CA: Thank you. No, thank you.
E: Thank you for your patient -- MA: Great job. A, yeah. Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Life Zeron. The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides of it, but competing -- in your brand personality -- Martin Mozart Spanish is a performance brand.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies just focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to have -- and it's human nature, to avoid things that are not safe, avoid fear, those elements and you actually get a little bit positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are they?
The first here is classic carbon. Apple it.
And you can see here to Tokyo, Waller: Michael Company and Bonobo.
Now there are legitimate marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come out -- but a performing brand is quite powerful.
MS: A slow brand. What's your map?
If someone asks you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a starving attack? You're somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a display desperately desperately."
A little bit more hot, resistant, consciousness.
The stored attributes are like being painful to be fresh like the Prize, contemporary and advanced or audio like Elizabeth Florida, fast or global, profile, marketing or metal like Galapago.
Or are you rather about the dead attacks?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 2011?
Are you spectacular, traditional province, protection, protection?
Are you really, stable, family, reliable -- safe, constant, constant, or sage like the Dalai Lama or YouTube."
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, stored and despair, who said, "You don't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control on the end product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the neurologist, and we get to tell the story in this movie of how the magnetic resonance is now to identify the centers of desire in the brain as much for commercial marketing as for chief.
We went to San Paulo. Where they've banned the advertising in the air.
All over the city over the last five years, there are no rocks, no cartoons, no villages, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with display problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I've had the biggest answer to me, or those I've had more success that I've been interacting in with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took them to the interviews, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try to directly treat the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to do thinking about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how has it left? They had success.
Well, since the film was established in the Seattle Festival -- we have a look.
According to Barrier the film was started in January, and since then, this is not all, we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online, no press or TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in strategies.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong by almost all the agencies that we talk about to give their customers not to be a part.
I've always believed that if you get together, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you go to the people that are pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of the risk is preparing all your company to find refrigerators.
I feel like what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to reduce.
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I think we have to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
You open the fear. Give the risk.
From a cartoon at a time, we have to hug the risk.
And ultimately, we have to join transparency.
Today more than ever a little honesty is going to go a long way.
And he said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk, "We would the Transition of Transition, has been presented by my good friends of Chinese who were buying the rights of the name in Egypt.
EM: Consider big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
And he said, "Well, the transportation."
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So, Morris, in behalf of transparency, that happened exactly with those 1700s.
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name of the name of the TED manual organization -- the Saturn Foundation, a square for $14,000 to be applied to my partner for TED last year.
The idea behind the State computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the English entrepreneurship plant in National.
The gray boxes that you see are control control systems.
If we can compromise these systems that control speed and vaccines, we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to get this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Santa.
So we started with an installation William.
The look income in the gray box, the center of it, and the nuclear nuclear program is destructive, miserable mission.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about Stanford six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Washington part of Windows -- the installed used multiple vitamin vulnerability.
I looked like to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Star and we saw what happened with this.
So they had very strange things.
Star was behaving as a lab of lab that I didn't like our cheese, I wave, but I didn't want to eat.
I had no sense for me.
And after experimented with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, this is a raining attack.
It's completely right.
The installed is looking at active in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program is trying to infect is effectively working at that place.
If not, Stanford does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We better find the target soon.
So we extracted and destroyed the contrast code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professional armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
I knew all the points that they attack for.
You probably even know how much it hits the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Stanford installed is complex and high technology, let me tell you, load is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old language selling it.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we look at a central and data structure and we try to relate to the real world, with objective powers of the real world.
We need theories about destruction that we can push or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent satellite, it must be a valuable blood, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infection has been reported.
You don't find several thousand goals in that area.
It basically boils to the nuclear power plant of Bosnia and the National North Clinic.
So I said to my assistant, "We have a list of all the experts in centers and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I consulted them in an effort for holding their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital loss with the control of the robot.
The ritual is that mobile part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this robot, you can certainly turn it up and even make the container explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and describe it into an effort to go back to the magnetic engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital loss very close to the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 160 is still in that code, you can't forget it.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natasha, and I found that they are structured in what is called a card, and every waterfall contains 160 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it gets better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hand.
To have no marketing, it wasn't like that.
The results have been achieved after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in hot rooms, and we had to go back.
Yet, we discovered that both digital birds will go to one and same goal, but from different perspectives.
The small leg is taking a card, and making the robots spin and stored it, and the big box communicates with six camps and manipulating vaccines.
In supermarket, we're very confident that we've determined what the destruction is.
It's Nation, and it's just Nata.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are linked by Santa.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw -- really impressed me.
There's the gray box -- and you see the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the value values of the sensors, for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which is still executed during attack, with false data data.
And believe it or not, this false entry data are prepared by Santa.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds from prepared video.
Is it great on?
The idea here is obviously not just to break the operations in the fourth control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive, actually.
The idea is to break a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big vapor turbine is happening, you have to open up standing in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit it.
And we don't operate the security system or the security system.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is genetics.
It has nothing to see, specifically with centers, with a hand of smell.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automobile factory.
It's genetics.
And you don't have a story that disagrees this burden with a USB key.
You could also use conventional technologies of worms to design.
So let's design the most possible.
And if you do that, what you end up with is a collaboration, of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better that we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ray, public has been done in many sides that people assume the Machia is the main thing behind this.
What is your opinion?
Rachel Liberia, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My opinion is that the Mars is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superconductor.
There is one alone, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately down.
Because otherwise our problems would be even greater.
CA: Thank you. Thank you. Right.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you the skills of appliances, or another one that makes you use of wheelchair and go back and walk.
In "The Biology Biology, we call these robots, exercise.
They're not different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a great force -- that also increases its speed, and helps him, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and the machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other intense ones.
This is not a wrong idea.
To show you now in what we're working on now, we started talking about the American soldier that, in average, you have to take on your back.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic dark damage.
We decided to look at this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Hall -- or Port Carter Human Commission.
Soldier: With the Hillary exoskeleton I can put 90 pounds on variables for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows you to put it into carbon carbon and execute movements with great attraction.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Adam Browne, we're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
We will now look back to the wheelchair of wheelchair about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people, on wheelchair around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage in the backbone that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- check against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that allows them to multiply them quickly.
Their only option, many times -- by a brain injury, or some other computer -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been so over the last 500 years, from his successful supermarket, as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the bill that Amanda Brooklyn is using 19 years ago had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result couldn't go back to walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Broadmoor. Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our 21st, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
completely not invisible in the crutches that send the computer signals on the edge, here in the back.
So here are some batteries that give the motors energy into the cars, and in the knees and they make it move with this soft and very natural.
EB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, I had a cost on the way down the counterpart.
In a second of a second, I lost all feeling and all movements from the ball down.
Shortly after a doctor came to my room in the hospital, and he said, "Oh, I'll never walk again.
That happened 19 years ago.
And so I stole the last picture of hope of my being.
The adoption technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to hold it down on stage, scale rocks and even ride in a bicycle bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Apple, and to all the users of wheelchair to everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day, where the diversity is serious.
And no, it's not the Federal Man Festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobos of the College rainforests.
The bonobos are, along with the chimpanzees, their closest living standards.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their adventure.
But unfortunately, we've done too much heroin in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, strangers, beautiful society is in terms of female with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where violence violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of the big apes of the biggest.
They live in the depths of the contact rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study.
The Congo is a paradigm, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the satellite same, stage of a violent conflict that has been spread for decades and causes almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the bone.
The hunting meat of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill up a stadium with the batteries that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter to show the trees.
Who are these prisons?
We know them as the apes "The love love, not war -- because they have frequent sex, promising and bisexual to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all problems in humanity because the lives of the Bonobos is more than the Kaaba Superman.
Biologists, like humans, love to play throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish companies and foster tolerance to it.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity, diversity of interactions, behavioral diversity diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the evolutionary roots of laughter and dance and human robot.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how to play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken out of the wild environment.
First of all, it's a balloon game, and I don't talk about football ...
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a performance.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, the plane of the pills.
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So the sex game is common as well as in blood as humans.
And this video really is interesting because I show you, this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- the testicles -- and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more traditionally, imagination, curious, maybe the place where the awe is replaced.
And I want you to see this -- this is French, a young female, who is playing with a well-designed water.
I think that, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real fear of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, play is our kind of adventure.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But let's take advantage of our game capability?
The game is not fragile.
The game is essential.
For blood and humans like that, life is not just cruel and destination.
When it seems the least appropriate thing to play, they can be the moments when it's the most urgent thing.
So the primary story, we accept this gift of evolution and we play together as we replicate creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York City, I'm responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robin Holly.
And when I'm not buying poverty, I commit fires as a captain of captain in a volunteer bomb body.
And in our city, where the volunteers communicate to a highly skilled staff you have to get to the input site very soon to enter action.
I remember my first income.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability of go.
But there was still a race on top of the other volunteers to get to charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was confused in a conversation with the property that I couldn't doubt one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, and she was standing outside in the rain, under a parade, and painted, and his house was on fire.
The other volunteer I just got before that I was -- "The Line Lincoln:  She came first to the captain and he asked him to go into the dog of the house.
The dog. I was Classise chief."
There was a lawyer or a management of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a building in calls to save a living living being alive by five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an adventure.
He said, "Oh, I need you to go home.
I need you to go up, grab the fire, and you bring this woman a pair of shoes.
I swear it.
It was not exactly what I expected, but I was, I put the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- I went to the crash fires that at that high or less had ended up taking the fire and walked into the top room in search of a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back through the ladder where I met my Minister and the beautiful dog on the main door.
We took out of the house the temperature for the house where, as I was trying to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of house starving by the effort of effort to save her house.
The kindness that she looked at the other thing was that somebody had reached a pair of shoes.
So much in my vote in Robin Hollywood as in my vote as a volunteer fire, I am a tenther of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also for grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned.
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have achieved or are in order to achieve -- remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this, don't wait.
Don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give.
It would be food in a dining dining food, a neighborhood park.
Be mentally.
Not every day, we're going to have the opportunity to save someone else's life, but every day, we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So I went into the game, I save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Benjamins. Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1867 with a very simple idea, cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, Lego came up with this.
He was called a financial assembly bit called it.
And in a few years, Lego forests came to every home.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 birds per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LED made it accessible.
LED simply adopted the concrete block in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that led us from a world of aesthetic brick to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block -- the transistor allows to create much bigger and more complex, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference. The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that building blocks of our time are restricted to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literature.
I'm going to show you how it works.
Limbing are every single one with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they join through magnets themselves.
So you can't put it wrong.
The barriers have a color code.
The green is the surrounding, the blue is the correct, the pink is the input and the orange color is the guard.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly -- you can start doing larger circuits.
A blue with a green produces light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulatory.
If we change the button by a pulse of pulse that's here, and now we have an intermediate light.
We added this shoulder to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, literature are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and superconductor, literature allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make a little bit faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind the little bit is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to the local ready to use.
Little people, sounds, solar panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given little kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how does a light work, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken literature to design schools.
So, for example, designers have no experience in electronics start playing with little biospheres like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and force, we have George creation.
(Audience metaphor?  A few weeks ago, we took literature to the Rhode School School designers, who have no experience in engineering, just in coal, wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that has done, a conflict of conflict active by movement.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a language made of plastics that have fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, little birthday became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the fingertips of everyone.
So little birthday has open source.
You can visit the website, download all of the design files and manufacture it.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world that we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company will seek to engage with the environment.
They have distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can delay a little bit in touch.
We can, we can continue to stop the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is it.
Oh, I've been afraid of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to stop, and we asked them to work in government.
The initiative is called "The American for America, and it would be like a Peter for temperatures.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the monotonically.
Instead of killing it to the Third World we sent them into the wild world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know A.
This is a hole from Boston City.
So here it appears as if you look for a date, but what you really look for is someone clean it when you get caught by the snow because you know that it's not very good to attract you when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask the help of this single single way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of Medical members for America.
They were there in February, and at that time it was a long time later last year.
They realized that the city never cleans these characters.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else, that citizens cleaned the rooms right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a helicopter.
You agreed to clean up when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case, put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can robot.
I mean, it has a players' component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmable applications last year.
But it does something that no government technology is doing.
And it extends in a viral way.
A system of systems from the city of Honor when you saw this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to support tsunami symptoms.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people stole the batteries out.
So I asked citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens wake up the tone devices.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when I snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use.
And this has been distributed without frequency, in organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit about government technology knowing that this doesn't happen normally, you know.
So software acquisition takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the Japanese power of California that at the moment has cost 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and spread in a viral form is a kind of tail of warning to government institution.
It suggests government better ways to work, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather as the Internet.
I mean, without resistance, in open and generosity.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an antibiotic institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we are very good at collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building tools so we work together with efficacy.
And it's not just "The Fortune for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country who contributed to civic apps every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given for the government.
You feel a great frustration of that, but you don't complain it.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we stop the feelings about politics, the row at the DNA, and all of those other things that put us crazy -- the government is essentially in the words of Tim National, "We that we do together because we are not can we?"
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, government does.
And because the government ultimately embraces us -- remember that, "Well, the poetry? The way we think about how to produce change.
I didn't know much about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government is going to be able to choose people to get loads of charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is about all about slowly.
This is the phone center of services and information.
It's the place that you can look at calls if you check 3D in America.
Scott is called this call.
English in the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the door of the house, put it very strong and see if it's going?
And it worked. So by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the ships.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and websites and mobile phone called "The Temperature."
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of New Benjamin Congo British Mechanical.
One day, this happened really, came up with this question: "Mars in my trash room. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it to stop?
The dynamics of "Leadership Tena is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In "Let "The Telescope, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I applied to the place, I found the garbage card behind the house.
(Audience: Yeah.
And I went home. I went home.
Good evening. sweet shelter.
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people are crossing and helping others.
So, one citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
They connected to two people.
And I could have connected to government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we structure the communities.
If we call control of animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we expect government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
Underneath what we call business.
And we say that word with a lot of waste.
But it is that waste that keeps us that that we find as something that operates in our way, that other thing, and in consequence we are losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because it's where the real job work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Obama movement.
You've seen them.
It's a group of worried citizens who have written a very detailed report of 320 pages in response to the question of the Senator -- about the financial reform project.
That's not political activity, it's a bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have come up with the government, it's time we asked ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of all?
We can't support government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to root the function of government so that it can be expanded by driving civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so difficult to act specifically, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am, refugees, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channels at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem doesn't care very much to do your voices.
They're using their hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that will work better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be clean up with a helicopter, and they would be brought off a band, and they put a garbage cube that has a shoe inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those schools, and many people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we are not just consumers, we're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes, and we get services.
We're more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizen until we fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things we have to do together, all together, we'll be a voices of voices, or will we be a human gun."
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death correspondence.
I've spent most of my life in marginal communities, projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And it's going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulations has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things you say here are impact around the world.
If something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean, because I think identity is incredibly important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations here.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if they teach feelings, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, whether it's carbon, can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I don't really learn this in the practice of right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family, dominated by a matrix, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started many of the dinosaurs in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slavery.
His parents were born on slavery in Virginia, about 1940.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as the way I saw the world.
She was hard, but she was also friendly.
When I was a little and looked at her, she was approached and gave me a good hug to me.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I got out.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at me and he said, "Hello, you still feel my scale?
And if I said no, I would leave myself again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of the 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at me.
I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and I smile, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she was lifted down, and he took my hand out of his hand, and he said, "Come Berkeley. We are going to convince them.
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
They never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Hello, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mars."
She said, "Now you don't do it." I said, "God.
Then I sat down, and I looked at me and said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at me.
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
They never forget it.
Then he said, "I want you to promise three things: Brad.
I said, "Oh, Mars.
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother."
He said, "She is my single thing, and you have to promise that you always care about it.
As I love my mom, I said, "Yeah, wow, so I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to be promised is that I will always do the right thing even though the right thing is the difficult."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yeah, wow, I'll do it."
And then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to be promised is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yeah, wow, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother one year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14, I was 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer paper, I don't know where I came out, I would leave my sister and to me, and we went to the forest.
We just got to do the little bits of the story.
He took a beer surgeon, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay, you know, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today they do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No, I don't feel good, you can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on?" Take a beer.
And I was clear to look at the strength and go, "Oh, I'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Let me tell you all the grandchildren that are special.
I was scared.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably I shouldn't say.
I know this is spreading widely better.
But I have 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken any alcohol off.
I don't say this is a viruses. I say it by the power that you have identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things that they really don't see sense.
We can't get things that don't think to be able to do.
I think my grandmother was naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the protector.
My children died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we have to engage with.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in controlled freedom.
And this massive implant, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, they find so much challenge, so much despair.
One in three black black black girls is in jail or controlled freedom.
In urban communities around the country, the Antarctica, Philadelphia, Washington, Washington, 50 to 60 of all young color young color people are in jail or constructed freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and cool, than if you're poor and innocent.
It is not guilty, but wealth is what drives results.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The metal policy and the irony makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're discussing.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you set out of rights for always if you have a criminal drive.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has actually lost the right to vote.
And if we projected the next 10 years the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as before it was before they hit the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent kids.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it was sentenced to 13 years to die in prison.
We have this country prison for children, no chance to go out.
Right now we're in the process of some links.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a certain sense, they've been beginning to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by the crimes that are compared?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die because of the crimes, but if we deserve to kill them.
This is interesting.
death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
From every nine people executed -- has identified one that is innocent and free of the death of death.
A error of error, amazing, an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation you wouldn't have ever allowed you to put airplanes if every nine that you were forging, you would have been controlled.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill it.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American stories, I'm talking about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities people had fear of being literally.
They worry to be shortcuts.
The threat of the terror was what their lives define about.
Now there are older people who come to me and they say, "Mr. Steven -- you give talks to you, shows you screens. Give people to the people who stop saying that in our history we will lead for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11.
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grew up with that."
The era of terrorism continued to obviously with the segregation and decades of racial superconductor and separation.
In this country we have a dynamics that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tension and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we are not willing to engage with a truth of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty conferences.
It was fascinating, because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to hear what you say."
Adaptation, "We have no death in Germany.
Naturally, we could never have this here.
The room was sitting in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we could never be able to get in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and desperately, we were going to be able to execute people.
Let's reflect about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, executed people, especially if they were in their most James."
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irregular.
And yet, there's this discussion.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't actually care about these difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, however, implant.
We love innovation.
We miss technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But finally, those realities are started by suffering, abuse, deforestation, marketing.
In my view, it's necessary to integrate both things.
We just talked about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the offices, the ones that never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the conservation of the heart.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us not just the brilliant and desperately desperate, but also the dark and the hard.
Bond Hans, the great German leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness for being in plant sites and being temporary.
Well, that orientation for spirit is basically in the heart of what I think, which is still in communities like TED, has to commit them.
There's no argument related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exposed, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's just find it.
I had the great privilege -- being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Paris.
These women are just taken to speak.
Occasionally, the Carolina lady called me, to say, "Charlord, comes the Park Park. We're going to bring it together to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to it?
I said, "You're lady. I know so."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you can get it?
I said, "Well."
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very violent, very infected.
And at one occasion I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mr. Parkinson's walked up to me and said, "Oh, Brutal, tell me that's that idea of the incredible justice idea.
Tell me what you're trying to do.
And I started giving me my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted by themselves.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the sentences of life, without parole.
We try to do something about death row.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end the massive floods.
I gave him all my best speech, and I ended up looking at me and said, "The Miss Minister myself."
And I said, "Start advance, very adaptive.
At that point, Ms. Carol leaned up, he put her finger on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very beautiful.
I think that actually the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to figure out how to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because eventually humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is superior to the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a leader.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it is a killer one.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
This is not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very internal, very spectacular, we don't judge for our technology, for our designs or our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of it is judge the character of a society, not because of the way the rich, powerful and privileged ones -- but because of the way they treat the poor, the continents, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I feel desperately desperately. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
It goes tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of difficult.
I go to jail and I see my customers from 13 and 14 years old, who have been ability to judge them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what isn't it?
The judge took it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night I was destroying thinking, by God, if the judge can turn you into something you don't are, you should have magical powers.
Yes, Brad has magical powers.
You should ask something about that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a market.
I had a 14 year-old customer, a little poor, poor, black.
I started working on the big one, with a store that said, "I say that my 14 year-old black client is treated as a self-assembly privilege of 75 years, executive of a computer.
In the large I put there had been individual behavior in the action, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was a line of a line about how in this country no ethic but a whole lack of chalk.
The next morning I woke up thinking about that big urge would be a dream, or really written it.
For my horror -- not only had it recorded it, but he had sent it to the cut.
They spent about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided, oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got to the car and I felt truly adaptation, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and thing.
I finally got out of the car. I walked to the judge.
I was going to go up the stairs when I found a senior black man, it was the constant consideration.
When I saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who's you?
I said, "I'm a drugs? He said, "It's your lawyer? I said yes.
So I came up with me and I opened up.
And I was sick in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was violent.
That is deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a hope of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When they come in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Support -- you write this lot of magician?
I said, "Oh, Mr. I was a -- and we started discovering.
People started to go. They were all opening up.
I was the one who had written those madness.
They came up with the police paradigms the advertising paradoxicals, the auditions.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all of the things because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the bathroom of the eye I got to see the consideration that I went and came in.
I looked at the window and I went to hear all that graduate.
I kept walking down here and there.
Finally, this old black, with a face of concern, entered in the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge was a record.
And during the destruction of the person an advance was shown because the consensus had entered the room.
The assistant.
And he said, "Oh, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black was put out of foot, looking at the assistant, looked at me and said, "You're going to this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view in the target with service."
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
We can't be truly human if we don't care about human rights and the dignity.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be tied to freezing, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the present that I share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target with service.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes to do something.
Something which is not a capital. What can we do?
BC: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a refrigerator of this spring in which you will make an effort to restore the funds that spend today in plastic policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, 45 percent of the cases of helicopters did not have any origins.
Sixty-five percent of the violence come nowhere.
Here's a chance of change.
This refrigerator is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation. It says it has to do with the largest rate of advanced.
What would you say to those who think that is like this?
BC: Actually, the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in mass warning in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's by the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase is in the prison population.
And we let us convince the restriction of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the present chain, to steal a bicycle, by little crimes against the property, rather than making them resist those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Broadway, you've been excited here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Life, grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Luca 2: famine in Somalia, Lincoln 3: The police had pepper gas.
Luca 4: Classrooms wake up, Linda Five, services servers.
Library 6: Social December Louis, Linux seven, 65 dead.
Lincoln 8 -- television shortcomes, Linux 9: Clayology.
A lot of localities, war to the radio, massive destruction Tanzania.
Received Blackboard, Bonnie Japanese end, Egypt, Syria.
crisis. Death: Discovery.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamond, these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, traditionally could be the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that the media means to provide negative news because our minds pay them attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters that survive, the first stop of all of this data is an ancient fear of the temporal lobe called the curious.
The amygdala is our early warning detector -- the density of danger.
I hate and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make you harm.
So from a story of stories we prefer to look at the negative.
That old record of the press, "If there is blood, sell, is very true.
And because all digital devices provide us negative news for seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's no wonder that we are predictable.
Not surprising that people think that the world is going to be a better one.
But maybe not.
Perhaps what happens is that we have disasters.
Perhaps the enormous progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerated so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change, species extinction -- the water of water and energy, without doubt we have.
As human beings, we are very good at embracing the problems and, at the long time, we end up with them.
We looked at the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubling -- the average income per capita per capita has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food -- electricity and transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time of human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy spent 25 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it today, in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile and cars.
The empty markers of the last century car, the studies of the planet, would never have dreamed with such luxury.
Support a lot of this is the technology and, finally, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kara showed that any tool that stops in information technology came out in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing is, in good and bad times, in war and peace in record, in depression and on the rise.
It's the fastest computer result to use more fast computers.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges.
And even though it's graduate in a law on the left, it goes up to the top.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, unlike Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud, that my American friends call infinite computing and sensors and networks, the robotics 3D printing, and its ability to democratize and distribution production across the planet, the synthetic biology, the fuels and the food, the digital medicine, the nanoscales and the A.I.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Julian Windows from Washington.
It was picture.
I looked for the best headlines that I had.
And I loved this one: "We are selling human objects."
Jerusalem is not an easy game.
I play with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Synesthesia University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating fancy life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that out that it's scarce, and it will be reduced.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National National 1970s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invite the king of Swiss.
National troops ate with silver covered and the same Nation, with gold covered with gold.
But the king of Swiss, ate with aluminum shell.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, it was worth more than the gold and the planning.
So the tip of the Monice to Washington is a store.
You see, even though aluminum is 8,000 percent of the mass of Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's liquid by oxygen and self-designing.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was desperate.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think of energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 minutes of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scanner, it's about accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the girl, eight rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sovereign parts of the United States, the solar electricity cost six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water.
Let's talk now about war war.
Do you remember when Carl Harasha pointed out the Voyager Space San Earth in 1990, after Saturn.
I took a famous picture. How do you call it?
"A final blue dot.
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 9/11 is healthy water, the two percent is ice, and we fought by the 700 percent of the water on the planet, but here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology, the negotiations.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the biologist, I would like to share with you, gave me permission to do it, his technology called Superman -- is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of water on the day of any source, solar water, controlled water, a self-assembly, for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make a significant test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have the confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola implemented it globally in 250,000 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world in the late 2011.
Think about it, that massive warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And with an intelligent cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
I live in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- "Starture, video TV, images, books of books and music, of medical diagnostic technologies, are now distributed and losing market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best comes when the applications are in health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Foundation of Alexander -- something called the X X Martin Professor, from 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk, and because it has IBM -- they can be touched, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where the mortality burden is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize -- called the health of health and, first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance to it.
I call it the billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just had the seven billion mark of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never have heard of the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What do you want to be?
And instead of an economic collapse we'll have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And so thanks to the Track Trust, a better education with the Academy Kitten and because of the use of 3D printing, and the computer on the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity, educated health and productive health.
What about some voices never before heads?
What if we give the optimism, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What are these three billion things?
And if they are contributions that we can't predict.
Something I learned with the X X is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that before they could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Florida.
It came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how protein is planning.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of superconductor.
They've played with this college professor, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were bored and started to play.
And it's shown that the machinery of recognition of human patterns is better proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the biologist.
We have the capital of the cell.
And we have three billion new minds that are taken to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have for a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The control of the point of party.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1857.
You may believe that you would get pictures, but it wasn't like that.
They actually collect fish.
And I described one of them as a very "profit.
It was the search.
It was done so much until the 1980s.
Now the fish is on the Red Red of the U.S.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that's no special stuff.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're preparation.
The failures still say they remain intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept.
Because I was there in 1978 studying a language in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The ball was surrounded by paper, and, as you can see, from some manufacturing.
There were phones from about 20 inches -- the black bar phone.
And the fishery of this thylacine was very abundant and went for a good moment, so he won more than half in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had halved.
It killed the five inches away.
They experience a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
So nothing to change, but everything has changed.
So my third story is that I was a conference in the introduction of the story in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in 1960, Europe did a lot of development projects.
The developed fishing development took the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- implant the industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly -- was called the Monday four.
I went out to fish on it, and we did studies in southern China Sea, and especially in the Maria Sea.
What we captured was something that was incorporated.
We captured it, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spirit, other animals that are on the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny blobs over a few remains, remains of coral reef fish.
In short, the sea of the sea came to the cover and then was thrown away.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid fund of soft coral, in this case, to be a store.
This is a dead tour.
They didn't eat them. They were destroyed because they were dead.
Once we capture a living.
I was still not saving.
So they wanted to kill because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you pick up the fishermen every time you go to a zone where you never have fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of parties, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something like this.
On the axis and we have good things, biodiversity -- lots of pressures, the vehicle of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of the beginning in the beginning of their conscious life as normal and they extrapolate it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the supply of change.
And at the end they keep a few of the answers.
And that, in great extent, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that no longer are, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before extraction, it's kind of free.
You don't lose renewable animals.
You lose small animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on large animals, and in a sensational sea of great fish.
They become very frequent because we love them.
And over time there are few fish, but we think that's the point of party.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, to ask that it was very different.
And I'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect it to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you may think, like you cook such and you see a lot of fish in this area can't be used or usually not using the science scientists because it's not "profit."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in indigenous societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can take a protected marine area.
Because with the marine areas protected -- we really recognize the past.
And we read the past that people can't conceive because the point of paradise has cooled and is incredibly low.
That's for people who can see a marine area and can benefit from the vision that they provide -- which allows them to erase their own point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle East, for example?
I think that the arts and the cinema may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Bay of Challeter.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Bay Bay 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the marriage and the toxic are like "graduate the topics.
And if you think about "Compassion," if you think why people are driving with the movie -- and talking about Palestinian history, why they were driving with the images.
Because you have something that, in some sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I give, is Cambodia, making "The II OK, underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alan, the YouTube, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we will see why video videos are made and what important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrations, singers, companies. When I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make famous on the Internet in a sea.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of course, just a small percentage is made viral -- they get infinite visions and they win culture.
How does that happen?
Three things: treatment creators communities and surprise factors.
Well, we started.
Brenda Allen. Oh my God, my God.
My God!
Wow.
MR: White.
KA: Last year, Berlin Vincing published this video filmed outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity of the last summer.
Benjamin doesn't have a viral video.
I just wanted to share a brother fire by double.
That's what you do if you're called North Mountain Berlin.
I've already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy King.
Jimmy Korea published this guy that cooked the video to popularity to the popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Korea present us new and interesting things and divided them to a wider audience.
Red Blackberry?  That's Pinken -- "The Pinkeneens.  You all want it to get the weekend.   Everybody wants it to get the weekend.   KA: You don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"All of the Redwood Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "The French December Don't say, this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was President, it's true.
And if you ask for those other skin, they're also Pinken.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday in particular.
Well, the Tom Tamiflu, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Neuroscience, from Mexican State Taliban, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends of trends would take a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerate the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10 participants of "Australia, in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the 20th century accelerating entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon and doing something new with that.
"A Canadian is a repetitive animation with a marketing music.
It's like that, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours version that has been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet temperature community.
There were searchings.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it was internationally.
Suddenly, all of a sudden community that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "A Daniel Daniel, or Redwood Blackberry or "The Castle?
What a war could you have written that you could have written this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, only that only only one and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend said to me that I had to see this great video of a guy who was protest against microbial bags in New York, admit that I didn't care too much.
Casey Nick: I was drawn for not to circulate by the bike, but there are often obstacles that make you circular for the biosphere.
KA: Thanks to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nick got five million people to see and understand his idea.
So this approach is worth for all of the new things that we do creative shape.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Brenda Allen. What does this mean?
HG:
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators -- creative communities of participation -- totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media -- of a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity to it.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justine Biosphere, started in YouTube.
They didn't want permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit sweet of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they're just the current media, but they define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a story.
It's a puzzle that's still growing up.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drawing, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities come in San, adapted the fact that their life had been totally in value.
The words, for so much friends, now will be recorded.
It was sold in silence.
He died for history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget her story.
My task was not to let that have been in value, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to admitten it, but we shake it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat by getting rid of the sea self-continually to the sea.
My mother, Mars, had just 18 years old when her father died, and a conscious marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destroyed to a single task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconvenient for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years old, that defies the fiction, a boat was sentenced to the dead sea of fishing ship.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pictures, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a free back with poison.
If we capture us, we first took my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, the proper property in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pirate people who came several times, but they were engaged with the men of men in our boat, or the engine died and they couldn't go for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finishing the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried -- given for the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp in Mexico.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations to shape a new life together.
We set up in Financials, a kind of sub-Saharan class of class whose population is composed with immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I discovered in Fingertills, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the failures of English interviewing were inspired by the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then on a car line, working six days, double turbulence.
And yet, I found time to study English and get a headline at TED.
We were poor.
All the dollars were adapted, and they established a strange tumor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take out, which is usually new clothes, always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the towns, because I had to last six years.
And there were rocks and painful paintings about the "free rocks and some graffiti -- "Stage, go home.
At home, what?
Something in me is stripped.
I was accumulating a detail and a voice that said, "I'm going to spread it."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhibited every night, but we met on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered spiritual, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be an ambulance and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and adventure and instruments, and kids were trapped by two worlds.
They look for subsidies and parallel.
And they created centers.
It lives in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student.
In the other, I was trained in presidential lives, transplanted by violence, drug abuse and insulation.
But many of them received help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of argument, I was choosing the young Australian young Australia.
And I was catalyst from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges don't get in.
So Lash, the antibiotic resident of Philadelphia, was now so ready to read and a social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard name, and in homes whose existence she never had imagined.
I didn't know the prototypes.
I didn't know how to use the collapses.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to give the Russians and the comparison of life in an island suburban -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ended up the day as they did for almost 20 years, and they were talking about the day of each one and stored asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we got to the boat.
The "No, had never been an option.
"The "Starture? He said, "You're not what you are."
So I talked about juvenile decisions and education and depression to the marriage and destroying them.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was ready to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the frontier of the possible.
And even though I finished my literature, I realized that I couldn't stay in a career race.
There had to be another piece of puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be an uncomfortable, a newly coming, new on the scene -- and not only is it right, but it's something that will be grateful -- maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean to break the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the presence of your own.
I gave them enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world breaks down, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that were not allowed to be allowed to be absolutely awful.
There was an energy there, an implicit optimism -- a rock mixture of humility and value.
So I kept my intuition.
Along to a small group of people who the motto cannot do it was an international challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny for a year.
At the end of every day, I made a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked until we get the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we open up.
It made the decision to move the United States.
After one journey.
My soldiers again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and adventure.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Congress was the social norm and the Mary Manhattan was the person that matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she born.
The mother used it.
At the age of 17, it became a conclusion of a Mandela whose mother will beat her.
With no support of his husband, he caused a return to delivering and bringing the cause himself, and far more reduction caused when he win.
You can't make it destroyed to be wrong.
I was in the shower at the fourth of a hotel in September when she died at 1,000 miles in Monterey.
I looked through the mask of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to the late.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Polarizatians, and we sat around her attacher.
We told him stories and we make sure we were still with her.
At night, a monkey came and told us he had to close the car.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the money, "Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"I haven't spontaneously."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life drives us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could desire that for yes?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
I can give you a proposal in your lives, blood supply in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the humiliation that you can't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give them and look at it, I would do it.
Treat Berkeley and also the mother of so much is here in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rome about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the stage sky, with the singing southern Moore's Sunday.
We were conversation of how nothing has changed from the age of ancient Indian agency "The Malawi."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car and summarize the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Arabic, the great Indian warrior property, I had a seat, he pulled up a bow and with a parade, to the ground, got water.
Now we do the same with workshops and machines.
The conclusion we knew was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that was very excited about it.
I felt a little bit more than a generation.
I was terrified with this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a warning if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't talk to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his recording silver rating.
And this kind of 21st-century technological piece was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of photographers and failures in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phone, the luxury bars and the cameras make you smile.
It's going to be our inspiration.
And so I got it up, I brought this technology together to see how I use it to create magic instead of killing it.
I chose books from 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the whole world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Take the text with the image, the animation, sound and touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly morally.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I have your fingers on every light.
And so ...  He says, "This box belongs to year? I write my name.
And so I became a book character.
In several times I get a laptop -- the iPod knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited about all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean the magician and designers, but that magic magic of childhood, those ideas that we open up with children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar will always be exciting to me.
So over here, we have to take the iPad to release the fireflies.
And really, you ignore your way in what you rest in the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with a girl was that a whole galaxy put in a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a brutal that I dragged into this magic device inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In all of the hardware books there have always been maps but have been static maps.
This is a map that I grew up, and I went through the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book they are also represented.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the apples here.
We've all heard of the habitat and the sounds, but how many people outside India know their Indian contributions, the appliances?
These poor astronomers have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary childhood story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been supported -- picked up their TED, they haven't gone to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can bring our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out of the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had lots of collections of words, stores, slow and contractors.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to pick up this childhood ritual you have to go out and in a chapter -- take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then catch it.
This is a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a show and says, "Oh, I saw a crime."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And this kind of social network is created around a collection of digital photos that have been taken away.
Within the variations of connection between magic, Earth and technology are a lot of possibilities.
In the next book, we would have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad and the video, and the video came up and you have a group of antibiotics that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves here.
And you have to do the sound of wind and sold them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are trained with technology and magic and technology is moving on one another.
We used the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and love that we sat through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of strangers were failed.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University University was to give a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she was a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and knowledge, what happens?
"How can we help us?"
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems why they all, or maybe not all, but most of the storyteller projects failed because we stop listening.
This is my search William. It's very simple.
It has a performance of loss and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge of getting to 95 Kings.
But it's so simple, that every time you connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my heart doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time that I need cardiac assistance or some urgency of that style but look back.
But there's something else.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connected to my search for Washington, and before I climb up to my car, people start to speak -- Liberia, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some relevant activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little basis connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients take a position, they go back to reclaim control and to be captains of their own boat, but also it can help us to the health care of the challenges that we face as the firing of the costs of medieval attention, the diplomacy of demand and other issues.
They perform techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by competitive.
And one of the things we did wanted to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic cartoons are in Malai in Marchline.
So where they are all the games.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the slightly closest DNA to help this patient?
We ask ourselves, but nobody knew that.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was we did comparisons, in the Netherlands.
We created a Web website, and we asked the audience to, you see a DNA, please send you, destroyed where, and when it's open, because sometimes open into office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Landington, augmented reality to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Macabello and somebody combined, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks use your Microsoft cell to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to introduce you this one, not just like Dr. C. that is the name of the product, but also like Delaman.
And we want to start globally.
We're talking to all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act like a center for comparison, of DNA around the world.
Every time you go from vacation and someone collapsed, it can be a relative or someone from you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us go through these DNA.
They might be service services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA who shows is still in their place.
Please hear them in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share "The photography.
Or it's "The photography?
Because, of course, they are pictures that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed up with my passion before the drawing -- but it was a little bit different, because when I used the camera the process was on the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when the public properties.
For me, the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the point in time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that will start by pressing the public.
Photography like this, a building in a very tropical road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of recording.
Or photos like this, dark and colorful, at the same time, but with the common objective of keeping the leader level.
And when I say recently, I say philosophical.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
The pictures that you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real really?
Is it the details or the colors.
Do you get the light?
What creates the illusion.
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But the end is our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive it in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here are three perfectly imagined objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still looks three-dimensional as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know that there is no exist.
So we get into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It really consists of combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic -- I think they're those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining pictures it's very important to consider, because otherwise something looks wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the photos combined to have the same kind of light.
And these two images came with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect universe.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulating.
But this image is completely composed by photographs of different places.
The personal thing I think is easier to create a place than finding because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to planned it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The sub-Saharan part was captured in a stone poetry.
And yes, I even did the house of the top of the island to make it more song.
So to make a realistic result I think it takes planning planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here each piece is very well thinking.
If you make a good job when you take the photos the result can be very beautiful and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
If you can put it up.
It's a diagram that took out of a career mine.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of Rick microscopes versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this is a lot of other things that we can see, is a kind of straight line in the logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Speaking of technology with separate curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
They need more intensity because they write on paper.
Why do we draw technological curves in local scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve in which we say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to do -- the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you graduate, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a symmetrical curve would be very dumb, let's see a straight line.
But if something like this, it's a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as microscope, last morning we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There's no precedent in the history of the technological development of a repeating growth that every few years add orders of magnitude.
The question I want to do is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as go.
One of two things.
Or it will become a typical typical typical, and I know like this until I get something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
Of course, we are now in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new shape.
So what I'm trying to ask you, and ask me, is, what is that new way that the world is?
So why new state is running the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing, if we're immersed on it.
I remember the future in 2000, and people used to talk about what happened in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been started, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that what we're doing today is no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experiment.
But to do that, you'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 million years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that were floating around it.
If we look at the way that chemicals are organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, they had taken some oil balls with all kinds of chemical recipes in their inside.
Some of those oil blobs contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and so the properties grew up.
And they started divided.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil balls.
But those blobs were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random record of chemicals.
And every time you divide a distribution of the chemicals.
So every piece was a little different.
In fact, the blobs that in some ways are being defined by the time to incorporate the chemicals, they grow more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented to them.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these obstacles learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways that we don't understand very well these balls learned to store information.
They learned to link information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they were locked in this meaningless evolution -- a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved about 2.5 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust missions that I try to hide the security security people.
But he said, I took this code, the code has the common letters that we are using in this, and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragments and the expansion 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all the present, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If I was an effort I would have put it in a virus and would have been thrown out of the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy about another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things were very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information for cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way we avoid penicillin, and they will take them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that they form communities that were in a certain way, and they were together in that, and they set up a supply.
And so they survived or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were received more and fascinated by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities get so close to that, in fact, they went together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multi-color communities of many different types of cells working together as one organism.
In fact, we are a multi-color community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve the heart cell, or the marketing cell, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they produce more interesting levels than the cell phone, which we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These people started applying information.
And to build very special structures that don't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible to record and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could say, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit, because I knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system will build those information structures very much the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to be confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered communication trick.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few graduates, and hopefully building a similar idea and cooking and confusing, in their heads that I put some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated to turn it into sound, in sound, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we have started to make abstractions.
Now we go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we applied our records of records and presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a small step in that direction.
The phone, the computer tape, the video tape, the CO2, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that would link us into something much larger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscope.
You already saw the evolutionary example of me in which I produced a certain evolution with the Congress program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you would take a billion years every one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is replaced, I suppose that self-organizing is the right word to name something that accelerates their own pace of change.
The more changed, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this curve explosion.
We see the process replaced.
But I get my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them will not be possible without the recent computer breakthroughs.
But now we design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design a conventional way.
I don't know that it makes every transistor in that connections of connections.
There are billions of million.
Instead of that, with the designers of TED Malawi, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it into the machine and the machine with that does something that you could before you could before you can get far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes methods are in methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the microscope scale.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolved a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please complex, you can run 100 million sequences of instructions to the short."
Could you pick up these sequences of instructions to the slide, pick up all those programs -- and take those of you who are going to deal with what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say that I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So what we find is the programs that are actually going to be able to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, ordered numbers, so none of them will get it.
But one, luckily, could look at two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Start -- you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task."
We get those and we eliminated the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that the best numbers are.
And we went back to representation with a record process to sex.
We take two programs, which will deliver children, who are interviewed by sub-Saharan exchange, and the kids are doing the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of production programs of programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process.
Calculator again.
There are some mutations.
And I try again and replicate with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs that I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze it to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But he turned the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you can get the target because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I was in a 729 with Mary Minister and I pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of paradigms working together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel rapidly?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make very different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than produces normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so power to execute these programs much faster.
So it's replaced.
The thing is getting faster and faster and so I think it seems so confused.
Because all these technologies are replaced.
We're destroying.
And we're at a analog moment on the active organisms when they became multiple manufacturing.
We are the losses and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever they come.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before I get stuck.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that must change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've raised enough time to allow me to get part of my fake pressure on that.
Before I treat the subject of my talk, let's talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the end, the World Seratement.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is filled with amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's because of "The rules, I talk about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I focused on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300 percent of a battle that 300 dollars.
That means the barrier of barrier basically, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game of the game without being attracted, and anybody who's trying to launch the first base, it doesn't get to time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how to call a 300-pound banker in the Great Library?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how to call a 400 baseball banker of the 400 person."
By the way, that's somebody who is 10 beats -- I got four.
Lincoln, like the Ted William Lincoln, the last player of the Great League of Boston to execute more 400 copies in a regular season.
Now we bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have approaches and they're delivered to a surgeon that has a 400 percent record in applied.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a wanted to have two open-source coronary arteries and their family doctor brought it to a cardiologist whose artificial record is 2005.
But, you know something?
She's actually getting better this year.
And their agricultures have been 750.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think it should be the average of the agriculture of a heart surgeon or a victory or a banker or a banker of a board or a banker of a board.
Milo: All right.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the agriculture of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, however, is to send them to the world, and I was involved with the horse of being perfect.
That never ever, I would make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I was laughing when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Garden studied until for a blood test.
Why?
I studied in my little device, in the nurses of the General hospital system of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all memory.
From my analysis class, I memorized the origin and the marriage work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the bottom, the diagnostic difference and the non-verbal diversity.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the pink tube acceleration.
And while they accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I was very good, I graduated with honor.
And the education school of medicine with the impression that if I remember everything, then I knew everything, or the most possible, close to the whole thing, because I have the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when I brought the Mary lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time I was assigned to the cardiac service.
And when I was able to go to a cardiologist I was able to join that patient.
And they report to the chief of restaurants.
When I saw Mrs. Market was chip.
I heard a sustainable sound.
And when the antibiotic, I heard a sub-Saharan sound on both sides, which I was infected with a confused heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of cutting the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give him.
He gave him associations and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
He gave him diagnosis, water pills so that he could eliminate liquid to her.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there was when the first mistake. He sent her home.
It really makes two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of restaurants.
I didn't throw the phone and I did what I should have done, which was calling my boss and connecting it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to bring a complicated information.
Perhaps I did it for a good reason.
I didn't want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility, that I could care for my patients without even speaking to my boss.
The second mistake that I eat was worse.
When you send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior that said, "Charlie, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insect that I asked the nurse to take care of the Mary Mary lady -- "Do you think it's okay if you go home."
And the nurse thought, and then he said, "I think it's going to be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the height, and the ambulance along with the paralysis would take her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I ran to leave the hospital and walk into the parking parking car where my car was to go home. At that moment I did something that I didn't do normally myself.
I went through the emergency service of the road home.
And there another nurse, not the care of the Mexican lady before, but another one, he told me three words, those three words that most of the medical emergency doctors have.
Other specialists also fear them too, but there is a laptop in business, and we see patients in the world.
The three words are about it?
"Do you remember the patient who sent her home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"But she came back with the same voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and at the edge of death.
In the course of an hour of having come home, after I gave her high school, he suffered a collapse and his family called the 9/11, the passengers brought it to emergency exercise with a 50 million House pressure, which means a severe shock.
They barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff has all their resources.
They gave me medication to climb the blood pressure.
They put an artificial breath.
I was connected and scared to the spinal cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because after the stability was in intensive therapy and I waited against all hope that was recovered.
And in the two or three days next it was obvious that they never wake up.
He had an organic brain damage.
The family gathered up.
And in eight or nine days, they were recovered to what was happening.
And to the ninth day, they let it go, Mary Mary, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks -- I was punished by that and experiment for the first time the shame market that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just astonishing, not feeling that shame, because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the countries and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The malignant shame I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And I felt that.
And it wasn't because of my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I went out of things and make sure that I didn't go away.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why did I not ask my boss, why did I send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why do I make a mistake so short."
Why do they choose medicine?
Little by little that feeling was distributed.
And I started feeling better.
And in one day, I opened up the sky, and I finally went out the sun and asked me if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I cut the efforts to be perfect to make it perfect to make no more mistake, and I would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, I was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain on the screen.
I was very busy and off.
And he pointed out here.
He looked at his throat -- he was a little bit collaborative.
He provided him penicillin and sent him home.
But as he runs down to the door, he kept taking his throat off.
Two days later, when I came to do my garden change, my boss asked me to talk to me to be quiet in his office.
And then you have the three words: Do you remember you."
Remember the patient I saw for a pain in the short."
So he came back and he didn't have a stress formation.
I had a potentially deadly affect called electricity.
You can look for Google -- it's an infection, not the throat, but from the top, and it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He did not stop it.
You add antibiotics by being increased and recovered at the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and reports, and then I woke up and I went back to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same range of arms, not anti-catastrophed diagnostics.
And it's a great effort -- especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a description.
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation.
I ordered a X-ray radio, but it turned out normal. A colleague that was bringing to the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right square and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I ordered her liquid to recover and asked my colleague to check it.
I checked it and by noticing a certain sensitivity on the lower right square, called the surgeon.
Both were operated and they recovered well.
But every case I was supportive to me.
But I'd like to tell you that they eat the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a waste.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Just amputation and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the vision that tells me what really happens, how could I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach you this so that I don't make the same errors?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When it was the last time you heard somebody talk about failure, after failure, after failure ...
Of course in a party listening to speak about other medical mistakes and not listening to somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also -- that a speaker in my hospital is holding the wrong leg -- believe it would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system that there are two positions -- those who make mistakes and the ones that don't do the sleep and the ones that you know, the ones who have the results that have results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we zoom away from medicine to people who make mistakes -- they will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of discrimination and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical professional and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto, Steven Carl: Black Carol: Black Command."
And what I learned is that mistakes are useful.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one out of 10 drugs prescribed in the hospital are wrong, or distribution is not right, in a system where industrialized infections are increasingly more and more numerous -- to provide chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian colleagues by chosen medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about bonding bonds, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And here's the things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get an advanced.
The sleep privacy invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow to make a perfect story of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, we take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes to compared with the eyes and the airplane and the alternative and suddenly my story is kind of delivered.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things always like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't repeat their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as we teach us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to mistake, well, they won't stay anybody.
And because people don't want to talk about their most serious cases.
In my program, "We white art, black art, it's a collapse to say, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell everybody, from the paradigms to the heart surgery boss -- "This is my worst mistake, blah blah blah blah -- "The outsiders? And I will direct the microphone to them.
And their students stop. They went back, they dropped their head and they would work out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share it.
They want to be able to say, "Look, I don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a renewable medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine physician is human, you know, the human, it accepted it, and they don't get excited about their mistakes, but they were effort for learning from what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
You know the mistakes of other people not with the intention of stored with it, but in a feeling and free way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they will be able to get errors from once in time.
My name is Brian Gandhi.
I'm a reconstruction doctor.
I'm a human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel a lot of it, but I feel like learning something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we took one day anybody?
You know how much we chose in a week?
Recently, I did a survey for over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose an average American. It's about 70 a day.
It doesn't do much, in a research for a week to a group of companies of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks driven by these executives and the time they will be able to make decisions with those tasks.
They found that in average, they would cost 180 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of many markets.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many of you belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of you have an hour.
How do you heat the way that you handle those decisions?
I want to talk to you today about one of the biggest problems of current today, choosing before the supercomputer of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give you a page.
And now my first question of the day, they're ready to hear about the problem of options of choices.
Thank you.
I was a graduate student at Stanford University, and I failed this very high level of level, at least in that time was very sophisticated.
It's called the March.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and video, more than 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of the electronic water, and this was when we take water water.
I loved going to that store, but at one occasion I asked myself, why never buy anything ...
This is the state of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different kinds of classes, including the ones that were in the sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "The good this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed to me the films full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the seasons. This is the one.
Park.
They had 360 different classes.
Let's imagine a poetry to show you, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out of six flavor signs, or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what case was people willing to stop the beautiful season?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there was only six -- 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a season table.
Here we find the opposite effect.
The ones that they stopped when there was 24 -- only three came to buy a little bit.
The ones who stop when there were six, we saw that 30 percent of them bought search.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy time if they were six, that if they were 24.
Well, they decided we don't buy a little bit that we are probably going to tell us -- but less it's good to get the line, but it turns out that the problem of the superconductor of choices affects us in good decisions.
We decided to decide not to decide, even when this doesn't convince us.
Now the subject of the day, the financial saving.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Al Gore had, and Empiric Kanton, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funding officers available in savings plans for retirement plans, the 404 program, desperately performing people to save for the future.
And we discovered that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 650 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
And we found that the bigger the number of optimistic funds, there were less participation.
So if we look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that offer two funds -- the rate of participation.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds -- the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there's more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the more people it was the number of options, more people were forced to avoid actions or investment funds.
In the time there were more choice, they were more willing to invest in financial terms of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, that the action is even when this comes against the self-interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick up less satisfying things, even though they're going to be better.
The main reason is that we tend to look at that giant variety of batteries, mountain, video and search, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and control and choose that amazing expression.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've studied, in one way or another, in different research, so that you can focus on your business.
The first is: Carter.
You've heard about it, but it's never been more true than today, which is less than more.
People always bother when I say, "Can the people.
They care about losing space in the attraction.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange ultraviolet options, there will be an increase in the sales -- you go down the costs, there's a better experience in the election.
When Professor & Gamble went from 26 different types of AIMS and Spain to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the College Carlor Carolina eliminated the products for cats of cats that are less sold -- they increase the users in 88 percent, by two causes, higher sales and lower costs.
You know that the supermarket of today, in average offers 45,000 products.
In a Walmart. In a Walmart.
But the ninth largest stores in the current world is Alexander and offers only 1,500 products -- a kind of tomato sauce salad.
In the world of the financial savings world, I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how choices are the plant of David Palestinian, the Harvard program.
All of Harvard employees are automatically ingredied to a safe life of life.
Those who really want to choose -- are offered 20 funds or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut it.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "We are the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do it your clients.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience with all the vacation to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read and then I want you to give me an approach if you're ready to take the offer of Garden.
(Audience: Well, anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
They're not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey.
I think it's actually going to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first room, which in the second, but I can zoom up and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because images made it even more real.
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of choices, which is Congo.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences have to feel very very very contraction, very contained.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 more in average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use cash off."
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people saving more.
We did a study with Sylvia Berkeley and Alexander Professor, on the staff of Iranian Education who worked at IDEO, these people were in a meeting where they were stuck to a 404 plan.
And that meeting, that we knew exactly how we used it, did a little addict.
What we added was we asked the staff to think of the positive things that will happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minister there was an increase in the 20 percent arms and an increase in the number that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts from four.
The third technique is Classise.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets across the contractor of the northwest, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 687.
But you know?
Because the candidate tells me how to tell me.
These are two games of jewelry.
One is called "God," and the other one, "God."
If you think that the one on the left is Saturn and the one on the right is Japan, put a painting.
(Audience: Well, there's a few.
If you think that the one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Saturn, gives a painting.
Okay, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Saturn. But you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to choose -- not when they define them.
You often see this problem with these huge financial lists.
Tell who they are information?
My fourth category, Congolese complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, the buy of a car.
This is a German manufacturing manufacturer that allows them to be completely participating.
You have to take 60 decisions to pull your car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
colors, outer color of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Movement, change, four options.
What I'm going to do is value the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options, 56 colors, to a few times, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at it?
How involved you are.
If you get action, you always get the button for you in every decision -- this indicates that you're overwhelmed or is, you're losing them.
We found that the ones who go from many options to the few, they will take the button for waste over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, you continue there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose it.
Although the choice of change is not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that we now have more income with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choices, Coke, eliminating strange alternatives. Control, doing it real, climb, we can handle more categories with less options -- control complexity.
All of these techniques that I've introduced you were designed to help manage alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who will serve.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of an election is to be careful to the scarce.
And the more careful we are in our best choices we can practice art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '70s, in the United East Germany, if you had a writing machine should be recorded to the government.
I had to record an example of examples written with the machine.
And this is so the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writing with the wrong message that you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we don't think anybody could do this, how much this limits the freedom of expression.
Never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printer printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on every page that makes you a pattern that makes you themselves and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems very much like this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what's happening in the online world, we can embrace the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the collaboration.
Like Mr. Dimitri Google of the city of Kenya, in Ukraine.
The collaboration cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the chocolates to earn a lot of money, number immediate.
There are really many cases of millions online, military millions, who gained money with their attacks.
This is Venice Titanics, from Tanzania, European.
This is Alfred Geographic.
This is Stephen War.
This is Britain Sandy.
These are Matthew Anderson: Tom Alexander etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their forests online, but they do it by illegal media by treating banking training to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, I met the Swiss account of this Mr. Japan, and this account had 14,000 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jamie and January and the steel was destroyed his paradigm.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victim of a collaboration than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be a better one.
In the future, most crimes will have online.
The second group of advanced in importance that we see today is not driven by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they will motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have delivered over the last 12 months, occupying a role in online attacks.
Those are the three main adversaries, the criminals that do it for money, the carpets like Anonymous that do it for protection and the last group are the national states that are attacked.
And then we see cases like Darwinian.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Diamond is an authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
He disappeared the last fall, because of a satellite.
It surrounded the safety of the site and performing a chocolate.
Last week I asked myself, in a meeting with Dutch government representatives I asked one of the leaders if they were able to put the death of people to cause the attack to Diagons.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die, because of an attack of these?
Diamond is a certified authority.
Video centers.
What would the ceremony serve for?
Well, you need if you have a website with homes, foreign services, services like Google.
Except that it would intercept a strange correctional authority.
It's going to make a lot of purple ceremonial.
And in the case of Darklow happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters were saving the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April, and during the supermarket of the building, they found a lot of paper.
And between those papers was this card short cardiologist.
And within that career, there were notes from a company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to exchange the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool by 280 euros to the Egyptian government.
The silk silk is right here.
So, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, a set of weeks was found by the State government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But it's going beyond today.
The Internet connection.
They use even tools like the Scientific suit to infect our computer with a train to allow us to see all of the communication, and listen to the distribution online, to get our data.
When we think about it in things like these obvious response should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really appreciate because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you worry about?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
The privacy is not discussion.
It's not a question of privacy against safety.
It's about freedom against control.
Well, if we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right thing we solve today, will be forever.
We rely on any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years.
Here's where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South Park National Park.
These are the cows of my father, in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no fences in most of the south, which means that wild animals like the centers migrate out of the park.
And predators, like legs, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and as soon as we got up in the morning, and we found it dead to me because it was the only tower we had.
My community, the masses, we think we are coming from heaven with our animals and all the land to get rid of it, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hearing a lot of lions.
Move are warriors that protect our community and cattle, and they're also married with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park, National Park.
A child in my community, from the six at nine years old, is responsible from his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought lions give them fear.
But I realized that this is actually not serious, because even help lions to see the state of far.
I didn't laugh at me.
A second idea was to use a studio.
I was trying to send the lions to believe that I was near the state.
But lions are very smart.  They came the first day and they saw the strategy, and they were like, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and kill animals.
So one night I was walking around the shelf with an torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions have fear of light that move.
So I had an idea.
And I got an switch with the one to try and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken line.
They take everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little box. I call it a transformation.
And the indicates box makes the lights off.
As you can see, the bombs get out there, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when you come from night.
The lights flash and send the lions to think that I'm walking through the stomach, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never went back to having trouble with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and she asked me if he could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea also is used across Kenya, to scare other predators like shoes, legal legs, and also being used to scan elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brazil International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, I was just a kid in the prison of the savanna painted the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying flying and told me that someday I would be inside of one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become engineering and pilot engineering when I grew up.
I used to hate the lions -- but now like my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions -- we can be with the lions without any conflict.
I am obsessed. What in my tongue means so much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship Richard Tors. Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next person in your list?
RB: My next invention is, I want to do an electrical fence -- CA: An electric fence about it.
RB: I know it's already invented by electric cards, but I want to do my own.
CA: I tried it once, right? And you, Right. RM: I tried it before, but I stopped because I got a calculation.  CA: At the foot of the Canyon, Richard Turkey, you're something big.
We're going to encourage them in every step that is, friend me.
Thank you very much. RM: Thank you very much.
When I was a little girl, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Adam nothing."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spend all the time studying Kim AIDS history, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan is the enemies.
But sometimes I asked me about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until all of the sudden I change.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and myself never had happened.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister's colleagues.
And I said, "When you read this, the five members of the family stopped there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks past.
We're recording together in the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We are prepared to die.
I was very addition.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face and doing nothing.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine joined North Korea in the middle of the '70s.
At the end, more than a million northern Norths died during hunger and only a few surviving steps, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent for energy, all around me was completely dark at night except on the sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite photo in North Korea in the night compared with the neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very accelerated in certain points, allowing North to be able to cross it out.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant parasites.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined you would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like a native refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the North refugees in China were considered illegal ingredients.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity would be received, and it would be replaced to an awful fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and was interested in police station.
Somebody had accused me for being normal, so I looked at my skills in Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be angry and destined.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the exchange, an officer said to another, "This was a fake record. She's not non-state.
And they left me go. It was a miracle.
Some Northern China is looking for asylum in foreign strands.
But many of you can be arrested by the Chinese and the desert police.
These women had a lot of luck.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These northern novels didn't have so much lucky.
Every year, normally normal is captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured or stored or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape a lot of other North other women haven't had so much lucky.
It's tragic that novels have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can be taken into a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity -- I've decided to go back to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Looking at South Korea was a much bigger challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South America.
We are all corals, but in the inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of divide.
I even put a crisis of identity.
Am I surgeon or nation?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride me.
Though embracing life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan, I started studying for the exam exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The authorities in North Korea interpret some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be destroyed to force to a local location on the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
I started planning how to help it escape.
The novels have to travel long distances on the road towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I fell down to the border with North Korea.
Because my family could not speak Chinese, I had to put it up, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China and then through the Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we were almost trapped several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and approached by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of everyone, and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came into my family, I was intrigued by foot, and I told him that they were successful people who were acting.
I looked at me consciously but fortunately, I believe me.
We did all the way to the border of Lagos.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and forced by crossing the illegally border.
After paying molecules and supermarkets, my family was released in a month.
But at the time, my family was arrested and introduced again in the capital of Lagos.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything for releasing my family, and we were so close to me, but my family was sentenced in prison at a short distance of the South Korean strand.
I went and came between the immigration office and police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or molecules.
I lost hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man asked, "What is the problem."
I was so surprised that a stranger would matter to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and I didn't doubt the man went into the car shop, and I gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two novels and to get them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the novel people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown leg is a new hope for me and for the northern village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the hope of hope that the northern village needs.
Over time, after our long trip, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving your freedom is only half the battle.
Many non-states are separated from their families, and when they go into a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, print language practices, work practice and more.
We can also act as bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us follow in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very fortunate -- I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help to give non-state an opportunity to thrive international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more northern people in the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central South Center.
This is Central South Center, little bits of light, fast food, stored flowers.
So the platforms of the city are meeting and thought, we're going to change the name of Central South Africa to represent something else, so they changed the South Indians as if this would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles  Tasks, fast food, random flowers.
Like 26,000 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Angeles Center South America, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to lead more people than food in the car.
People are dying from sub-Saharan diseases in Los Angeles Center South.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times larger than we say, Benne Hills, which is like 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wondered, how do you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see colleagues of computer and victims like cars use.
I see plant centers like Sahara.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also got tired of driving 45 minutes away and goes back to buy a apple that doesn't have any pesticides to it.
What I did, it was planning a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land that we call a game.
It's 45 feet to me.
The point is, it belongs to town.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, Linda, Greenland Greens, we got together and started planting our food forest -- fruit trees -- you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are sort of a group paid by carpet composed by sandwiches of all the properties, all over the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone was left.
The city was standing up with me, and I suddenly gave me a storyteller saying that I had to retire my garden, the ice was made by the high order.
And I said, "Well, right?
A Jewish order for planting food in a piece of land that no one does --  So I was like, "Well, look at it."
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve London, and he talked to the conference and one of George Greens, who put a petition in Shanghai, with 900 serves, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My condition even called to say that they were going to go back and love what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more barriers.
He's got 68 miles of store bars.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 750 million toys of tomato plants.
Why do you not look like this?
Growing a plant will give you a thousand thousand seeds.
When one dollar of teenagers, I'll give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my human, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central South Center.
I grew up there. I grew my children there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for me, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The store is my graph, I grew my art.
Just like an artist of graffiti that was running walls, I was short boards, shoes.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas and plants and trees, are my growth of that canvas.
They were surprised to see what land can do, if they let it be their canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a gentlement is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, a transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They were surprised to see how to affect kids.
The store is the most terrifying and professional act you can do, especially in an arm.
Also, they get feet.
I remember one occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, were like the 10,000 o'clock at night and they were in my garden, and they went out and looked very straightforward.
I mean, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Hey, don't you think people will steal your food."
To what I say, "Oh God no, I have no fear that you will be reducing it.
So it's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take, but at your time, I want you to pick your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a shelter to wake up in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, which helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I shared his stories about how he had affected them and how they used to plant with her mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Geographic has come to plan maybe 20 gardens now.
We've had, like about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all on a volunteer plan.
If the kids grow wire, the kids eat fire.
If you grow tons, they eat tons.  But if none of this will teach you, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and body, you eat blind what you put in front of.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they are trapped in. I see color guys who are in this path designed for them, that they don't carry them nowhere.
With the game, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are coming up from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carlo Carlos.
But if we don't change the composition of the Earth, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole frame of gardens where people can share food on the same picture.
I want to take containers and turn it into healthy care.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the funny thing is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to replace it.
What I talk about is to try to work on people, get the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we need to make it sexy.
I want you all to become evolutionary supercomputers, shows, gestures shoes.
We have to change the script of what's a show.
If you're not a garden, you're not a show.
That the gestures take their pain right?
That's your choice of choice.
In supermarket, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see it, you don't call me if you want to sit on comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some leave, to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see, you come to the garden with your stick, so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music: (Audience of Michaelines."  You probably all agree with me when this is a very nice road.
It's made of astronomers, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that I knew.
And especially if you go into your bike and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities -- we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make perfect asphalt roads.
The price strand, a material that we use now in most roads of the Netherlands, has powers and water can go through it, so all the water flowing down to the sides and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and they don't get water anymore.
Noise also disappears in these pieces.
Because it's very hot, the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the destruction of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is to do -- see that in this road, the stones of the surface are coming out.
First one little stone, then a lot of more and more and more, etc., and then you don't do that.  But you can give it your paradox, and you're not happy to that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more harm.
Sometimes they can create shoes with that.
Ah, he's ready.
Bang, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous, as I said, so it only has a little amount of joy between the stones.
Because of the intensity, to the U.S. light, to the oxygen, this head, this gentlemen, the glue between the readers, they start, and if it gets off, they will do microbial and separated from the actions.
So, if you drive the road, you will get the actions, as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about materials of violent.
If we can make this material anticipate, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean superstars, and we can cut the steel steel into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the gentlemen.
So we have little bits of steel steel on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook a computer machine.
The industry can heat up, especially the steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the gentlemen, the nice flow by these microscopes, and the stones will look back to the surface.
Today I use a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great impact machine here on the stage.
The microwave approach is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take you to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples out.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, and then the government, they actually saw our outcomes, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try to try.
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 feet from the ABC highway, where we had to do a trial cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any harm. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of payload on them, we send them back to our infinite machine and we represented them, and we went back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've done a material using steel fibers -- incorporate these fibers, using the power of industry to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even they can double the life of the surface -- it really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to cool first before I can show you how to act the reputation.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember I'd wake up a morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening to BMW News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because news generally died it.
"The Taliban was going to be grabbing my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, I said to me.
One morning they never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came up from Afghanistan, and they did illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I looked at me as a child to sculpt my older sister who I could no longer be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could figure out where we were.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that they seem to buy them.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us stuck in a small room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we bring our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, the school would be suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban sustained.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
We were following us.
Did you know where we live."
We were applied, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appropriate and the daughters a territory.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total income of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father would give him back.
But my education mother became made.
This is it.
Two years ago, just to turn our home in school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his entire family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the rooms despite the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to educate their children.
Over the years, I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to reduce, but my father said, "Well, my daughter -- you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that always will be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age have more than the banker, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find me here proud pride in Mexico College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was exposing his home for the courage of educate to his daughters, was one of the first ones to decide.
He didn't just get away from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, and I took him driving on the streets of Kantia.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global automation of 1984, a global campaign to educate women.
It's why you cook Switzerland, the first one and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like my own, advocate for them, all over and still in front of a devastating opposition of it.
Like HIV. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from the road from Shell to his village, and literally he would escape from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get home, you are the phone, a voice would warn you that if you keep sending your daughter to school, you will try.
"I said, "You know, if you want to say, "I don't harm my daughter of my daughter and replace ideas.
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most people who we created -- there's a parent who recognizes the value of their daughter and sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they're often the first compelling interests of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. girls who went to school are told in hundreds, remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
And I'm afraid these changes don't take a lot, after the retreat of the United States.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that encouraged them, I see a prosthetic future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and forced possibilities and every day girls in Shanghai remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never I've forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the exhibition, "The resistance to Japan. fought against him.
But you're never going to be a story stupid back.
They've spent almost two years since I broke the liberal revolution inspired by the mass movements as much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with a lot of other little citizens and out of the country to call a degree day and start a revolution against the radio regime of Japan.
And we did, it was a great revolution.
Women and men were young, they were in the shoes, they extend the fall of the regime, they provide freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a vaccine that was going to face the brutal dictator of Japan.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war, and some losses from about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the table.
However, Japan left a card space, a land legacy and corruption and supermarket seeds.
For four decades, the Galapago scale of Japan destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of free society.
It was aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted to have a lot of other women, rebuild the civil society of civil society, providing an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Bertrand for and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Transit.
After a 36-year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about developing capacity, leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Players of Women for the Peace, a women's movement, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of the woman and for our right participation right in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the public period, an environment that was increasingly politically, which is moving from the policies of food and exponentially.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17 percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years.
But gradually enough, the power of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappeared, every day we would see violence.
So one day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and soft manufacturers.
Another day with the news of the American Embassy and the Atlantic Apple attack.
And another day we woke up with the news of the office office manufacturing.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continuous continuity of human rights and their lack of respect from law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is more politically politically, and it's been removed from ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
International international, expression and selling became the icons of the consequences of revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire our story of the success of the criminal "compassion and the elections.
Now, I'm here today to tell you that we, as a nation, we choose bad, we take the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya, Libya.
The critical list and the alternative between candidates and candidate brought peace and national refugees?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still policy and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exposed, both for men like a women?
Perhaps what they failed was not just women, but the feminine values of compassion and mercy and including.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the election needed -- which just reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female that they need to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an agency agents and call it a day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mission.
We have to develop a female speech, which is not just honest, but also put the mission in place instead of the video, the collaboration instead of the competition, the inclusion instead of the exponential.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destruction by war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an approach that tries to interview and authenticity between female perspective and males.
That's the real critic.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it so socially.
According to a cross of the Koran "Compassion, painful, "The word of the Michael God."
At the same time, the word "folks," which is known in all of the army traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "slide -- sympathetic and material selected -- that goes to all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all the people have forget.
And so just like the uterus completely covers the embryo -- which grows in, the divine matrix of compassion takes all the existence.
This is how we say, "I'm missing all the things.
This is how we say, "My mission was prepared about my wrender."
And that all of you are given the grace of the mission.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an unlikely question, which has an equal answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one you all do always -- why she is still?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who pressed him.
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story that I said.
I was 22 years old. I was just released at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the journal sentence.
I had my first apartment, my first green American Treasure Talk -- and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, I would zoom into my head with a pillar, charge with heavy stone bullets.
The man, when I love more than anybody in this world, I put a pistol in my head and I threatened with killing more times than I can remember from.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Mars love, a psychological trap. A little love discussion, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be their story.
I don't look like a typical survivors of domestic violence.
I'm a licensed at Harvard University at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in Martin of the White Business Serbia.
I've spent most of my career working for the list "The 500 "The 500 & Johnson, and they read Burgarith and The Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the
I took nearly 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black film and a minister honest Alexander Minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religion, all the levels of grass and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the metals are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and internaling and long duration or saying in the other way, in the families, the last place where we want or we hope to find violence, which is why domestic abuse turns out so desperate.
And I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who would stick in, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women in that age are killed every year by partners, black and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his signals of warning or his patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rain night.
I was sitting on my side in New York subway and began to fight me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also took a college from a university of the Lego Accenture, and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most of the first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a field of the field.
I had a big microscope like apples, and a pink room wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the couple.
He did it all over the beginning to put it in a penguin.
We started coming out and loved all of me, that I was ready, I had gone to Harvard who put passion in helping teenage girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer, as a woman, like no one had ever done it.
And it was why the literature in that school pressure and the work at Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to support and made the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is a story.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I agreed to quit my work and Congo and I went together in Manhattan together.
I had no idea that I was falling in a "Mars love, which was coming out of head in a physical suit, financial and psychological property carefully prepared.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce violence threat to see how she reacted it.
And here is where those characters come in.
And as we moved to New England you know, that site where I assume that Congo had to feel so safe about three pictures.
One had it in the car shop.
Another story underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those pictures because of the trauma that lived with a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those characters actually were a message for me, and although I never had raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was the seven in the morning, and I still had the story.
Five days later, when the 10 tiles of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend suit and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we live happy forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted me so much.
And I was very, very resistant.
It just had been very frustrated by the wedding and the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I never would make me harm.
I spent twice more times in our metal moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I regulate several times against the car video.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our metal moon, I got bored by the traffic and I took a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congo followed one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or anger at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are microbial, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
I'm going to go back to my question. Why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, and I was looking at a deeply supportive man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo feed their devils to it.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just get ride?
Why don't I -- I could have gone at any time.
So for me this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally ignored you, is incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is killed.
More than 70 percent of the murder in the case of domestic violence happens after the victim has put the end to the relationship, after they move, because then the advertising has nothing to lose.
Other implications include the permanent amount, even after the abalone has gone back to speaker, devices of financial resources, and manipulation of the family court system to force the victim and their children, they are usually forced by the judges to spend no super-things with the man who beat their mother.
And yet we keep asking why it's simply not going?
I was able to go in, because of a final palliative link that I saw my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everyone all over the world, to police, to my neighbors and family and family, and I am here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to support victims as a specific headlines, self-designing women, damaged goods.
The question is, "Why are you going to go?
For some people, it's a way to say, "The blame is to be a feeling of the subject, as if the victims are choosing interesting men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Mars love, I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also scared, who learned an income lesson of what happened to them and replace their lives joyful and happy life as employees and husbands and mothers, completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a survivor of very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a man and young man and we have those three children.
I have that black filter and also that mission.
What I'm not going to have any more, ever, is a cheap pink pointing my head in hands of somebody who says I want.
At this point, you're just thinking, "Hi, that's fascinating, or "Hello, what stupid it was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, which you're listening to me right now, who are being married or being small or being recorded themselves.
The male could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put the end of my crazy love love to break the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse.
They have the power to end up violence just throwing light on it.
Villagers, we need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
He saved the male to the light talking about it with his children, their coworkers and friends and family.
It recovered their view of survivors as fantastic and funny people who have a flat future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our beds together, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful environments that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise for 10 years.
And I feel like right now, there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have seen it like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first shift shift on a TED stage, so you have a lot of perfect learning, I think.
If some of the women are horrified when they go out, they don't have to tell me now, but they find it later in Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what I think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tanks are very uncomfortable, less bad than I don't have to use it.
The worst part is to pass this sweater on the head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been pregnant.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surgery.
I've completely changed what I thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that I would add the back.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial bite like the one that I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our own way, which, even though surface and immune, has a great impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing -- but seriously sex.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a capitalism discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a helicopter, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, young and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to address -- we also associate it to a high and a signal and a white skin.
And that's my heritage -- heritage that I've heard about to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now shown spectropolate, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say, wait, there are Nata, Tokyo, Joan Social, Live West.
First of all, the happy for knowing so much models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York City told each and every single model of the paradigm, and from the 670 controlled models, only 27 percent, it was less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always make me is: Could you be a model when it's more?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know.
But then what I would really tell each of these girls is this: Why?
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or the near-dimensional contemporary surgeon that would be awesome, because you were the first one.
If after this spectacular list, I still insist. No, no, Carl, I want to be a model, then I say, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the record chief of the magazine Voice American or the Christmas executive director or the next Steven Merce.
They say that the more you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, you can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've reached your studies, and you have a cross-section and a few jobs to your backs, you don't matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your crowd said, "I mean, clothes of underwear for 10 years, people would look at you weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the photos are recovered.
And yes, you are basically reconciled all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that I was taken and also the first time I used a biodiversity and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a child.
So I looked at my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a partner party a few days before the pictures for French Venter.
Here I am with my football team and in the magazine magazine.
And this is me in the today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're created from a group of professionals, television, magical professors, photographers and standards, and all of their help and people of goods and prosperity, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always make me is: Do you get free things?
I have a lot of 20 tables and that never use, except the previous pair before, but the privilege that I get are the ones that come in the real life, and the ones that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a driver punch, and it took a red seat in red, and of course, I would stop, and I went down, and I got a sense of it, agents so that I could continue to drive.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not because of what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect no matter who they are.
I live in New York City, and last year, from the 150,000 teenagers that were given and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Languid, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 150,000 black and Latino people in New York City, so for them, it's not a question of me stopping?
But how many times are you going to go? And what do you do?
In the research for this talk, I found out that 50 percent of the 13 percent of the 13 years in the United States doesn't like their body, and that number is closed to 78 percent to the 17.
So the last question that people do is -- what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit harder, and you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and cool.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative and amazing people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, which I never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, it will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the more to the fashion -- but it's probably the most internal women on the planet.
But mostly it was hard to look at a racial and gender situation when I am one of the greatest generations.
If there is something that comes from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was the largest enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more primitive pictures -- and I didn't know who I get them.
There were no artistic directors, no stability, no opportunity to repeat photos and even a minimum care of lighting.
In fact, most of them put them tourists to random.
My story begins when, I found in New York City to give me a plant, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to San York in a peace trip and you follow the record?
So here is when we started asking the tourists to get us to take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever been born with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life is changing this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representative of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make them reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always got the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new holes, and I can see life through their eyes and how to perceive and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips we were walking down, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed out a red copy of the market store that I love a little bit in the previous visit.
And I described what had felt at five years of foot at that same place.
I was able to remember his heart painted with force by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you see in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understand that one of the most important things we create are the memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging actively in creating conscious memories.
I don't know you -- but besides these 15 pictures, I didn't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that comes out of the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't want to get somebody and ask yourself, do you get a picture of us.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The authors are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why are they so bad principle?
It has also been associated with Design laughter people like mental characters, tools, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following laughter, acceleration and contractors -- these are the attributes that associate with Kenyan Parliament but I don't accept it.
I don't accept. You know why?
Because Parliament members don't keep clean the environment.  The paradigm don't help prevent disease proportion.
It's a lot of them.   They're far away from extraction.  And my favorite, the authors have better guess.   There are two kinds of sketches on this planet.
There are the New World authors that are mostly found in the Americas, like the cars and the cars, and the Old World authors -- where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are you important -- first of all, provide virtual ecological services, Life.
They're our natural garbage records.
They clean the counterparts up to the bone.
They help kill all of the bacteria, helping absorb the balance that not to be because they were extinct and causing great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bombs, they take three to four times more time in destruction, and this has huge narrative in the spread of disease.
But the authors have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the ancient Egyptian culture.
He was never the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the cover, he symbolizes the unit between the height and the East Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology Japan, Japan was the burning god and risked his life to save the Denser Department of the 10 heads Randola.
In the Tibetan culture, a lot of very important companies are done in places like Thailand, there's no place to bury dead or wood to create them, so these authors provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the bombs?
We have eight species of bombs in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened threats.
The reason is that they're being allowed, and the reason they are being aging is because there are conflicts between humans and failure. The fiscal communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the authors are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan -- four species of business are in the critical list of endangered danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years ago, and the reason is because they fall from the consumption of livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like Dick.
This drug has been banned to use vegetable use in India and have taken a position.
Because there are no bombs, there's been a spread in the number of cards in card seats -- and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge amount of time for radio. The number of radio cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 350 self-consciousness are going to be above the Lake Taragian.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to the birds, they cut them in half.
They're sentences of birds.
In Western Africa, there's an awful company of dead fighters to serve the blood and the fence market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting translators.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so we focus on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bombs, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide them.
How can you help -- it can become active actions, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we need to focus on these very unfortunate creatures. They will donate their time to spread the word. Did the word.
When it comes out of this room, they were informed on the bombs, but talking to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the boats.
They're very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally, my life, has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1973, until 1997, I am young, but I am.  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Coast of Madagascar, Algeria, and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set up in Africa.
And I was perfectly.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we put out of it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "The Beatles" -- was a project where a few Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came up with Indian seeds south of Zurke to this absolutely magnificent valley that would go down to the Kara River, and teach the local companies growing Italian and collaborative, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interest in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't help.  We were amazed that the local ones, in so fragile valley, they didn't have an agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that we didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  "I have time to save the people from Barry of home."
And of course, everything in Africa was very beautifully.
And we got these magnificent tons. In Italy, a tomato took this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the supermarkets, "Look, what easy is agriculture."
When the tomatoes were white, magic and red, at night at night, about 200 holes coming up from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the noises, "Oh my men -- the mentors."
And the superstrints said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here --  "Why didn't you say that -- I never asked you."
I thought we only were Italians in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypertexts.
You should see the destruction --  You should see the waste that we give people the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book -- he read "The Dead Department, of Danger Moscow, the economic economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've entered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
Don't tell you about the damage that the money has happened.
Just read his book.
Larry from a African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are improvising, minimum mission, and we treat people just two ways, or patterns, or we're patterns.
The two words come from the Languit root "constant, which means "Starture."
However, it means two different things.
Plants, I try to treat any of a different culture as if I was my kids, "I want a lot.
Parallasas, I treat all of a different culture as if I was my services.
That's why the white in Africa are called "garbage," sir.
That book gave me a bomb in the face, "The small is beautiful -- written by Syrian, who said for all economic development, if people don't want to be honest, let me alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is respecting.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, we can imagine a city that isn't negative?
I decided to just respond to people, and I invented a system called company Finger where you never started anything, but it becomes a service of the local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's card.
It comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the local.
We don't work from offices.
We get in a coffee -- we get into a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is going to do you?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that the man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea. Why don't we, at once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we listen to them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never explode, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has identified them.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new profession.
The profession is the family family of the company, the family family of the business -- which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee and helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in hope, city of West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this conventional garbage that we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in march and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that."
How can you do that? And I said, "I have something very, very hard.
And I was going to hear you.  So the government says, "Come new again.  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of subsidies.
Peter Mrasa, one of the most great entrepreneurial heroes in history, passed up to the 99, a few years ago.
Peter Mrast was a philosophy teacher before he involved in business, and this is what Peter Mrasa, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economic company economy.
Plants is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you have reconstructed Christian without knowing what the smartest people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to get to convince you with you.
You have to offer presentations, privacy, have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will get it on the ground.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion ...
How do you present more this morning, right?
Apple people. That's what you have attracted.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- not religious, manufacturing, and from one point to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The journey as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, is how we deal with, we cut, we educate, we train them, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- the universities, Congress.
The government -- the government?
They will be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a lovely story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1960.
And in the 1960s, this group of people, and they were meeting this group of people in New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was obsessed, the New York City doesn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and they were, if the population keeps growing up to this pace, to bring it to the population from New York to the age, they require six million horses, and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address it.
They were already being started to stretch out.  So in 1967, they were divided this dirty technology that supports New York City.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in the United States in the United States, it came up with 110 auto manufacturing companies.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few -- scratching, factories in advanced places.
Deception, Michael Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer you presentations.
Otherwise, they don't get to convince you with you.
Then you have to offer you an absolute deal, dedicated service.
And later, you will have to tell you the truth of entrepreneurs.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic. You have to count with a fantastic marketing and you have to count with a wonderful financial argument.
You know what?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can do, selling and looking for money alone.
There is no exist.
This hasn't been born.
We've invested and look at the 100 companies of the world Cope, Westerners, European, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Health.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common -- only one: No one was started by one person.
Japan the word "Oh, but the word "Well, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So, we can create the community where we have factors, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in cartilage, in boat next to their hidden declines who will do for you, which someone did for you, who talk about this algorithm, someone who asks you. What do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that."
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us do in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't get a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authors, planning and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their stress?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape?
How do we share more of our hopes before empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and our dreams."
I live in New Orleans and I'm looking at New Orleans.
My soul always finds up with the giant balls that give shoes to lovers and boards and soldiers from centuries and trust in a city.
It always gives the music.  There's a decline in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of Native American properties.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Jonas, like a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude for the time and lived and living for me.
I gave it clear to the significant things of my life today.
But beautiful for keeping this look in my everyday life.
I think it's easy to let me go through the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house lying on a giant painting and paint on her phrases to be completely completely coming to me?
So the translations could take a chalk. reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what was expected from this experiment, but the next day, the wall was recorded and kept covered.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"I want to die for me to be judge by paralyzing --  "I have to die I want to sit on the slide of the factory change."
"I want to die for millions of people.
"I want to die I want to plant a tree.
"I want to die out of the Web.
"I want to die I want to get a little bit more.
"I want to go to the rescue of somebody.
"I want to die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space is taking construction and dreams and hope for people to make me laugh at the short, and I would wake up, and they gave me in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and specifically and the contraction to the reflection and the control, and you remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we did a kit, and now they've been made in countries around the world, like Kara, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our individual age, it's more important than ever, finding the ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and detect.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understand that preparing for death is one of those things that will be more power.
Think about death death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters us as individuals and as community and more media to share hope and fear and stories, people that surrounds us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Reeping is 22 years old, it's high and very store.
I don't speak to you, but it will bring better joy than some of the best speakers.
I remember knowing what love is.
They share it unconscious what happened.
It's not a cure. You don't look at the skin color.
It doesn't care about the religious differences and to focus on this, has never lied.
When I sing songs of our childhood, I try to give words of the ones that I can't even be able to approach, reminds me about one thing, the little thing we know about the mind and the wonderful thing should be disappeared.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very story.
It makes the memory more important.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my culture, but I remember the year I came out every single songs of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I was going to get stuck in my arm during the first episode of the Telescope and the birthday of Lady Gandhi.
Don't you seem amazing?
But most people don't.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society of society, they're often ignored and internationally.
But what I drive my heart and strengthen my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't tell them inside the order, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term "We are -- it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In each individual they are managed differently, from there that Reeps is so different from San.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the development disorders that increase the fastest in the world, there is no cause of any knowledge.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I grew a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it doesn't seem very interested in me at all.
I remember living in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars on the row around the room, looking around the roof and eating anything that was in between.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more obvious.
But beyond the bridges, frustration and hyper-controlled -- there was something really unique, a pure and innocent nature -- a child who sees the world without preparation, a human being that there was never mentally.
Excellent.
I can't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family, moments where I would have wished that they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that don't want to change by normal.
The humidity goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Reed and Sam and you would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have, are a damage, each one of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normality.
The opportunity for the greatness and progress and change die at the time when we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what was supposed to be Alabama in the Western country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Accounter of truth -- of these students with his big minds, his big books and his big books and his great words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like when I had those conversations with the students, I was surprised by the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about it, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer it, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant for us.
We don't just tell us that they study the tragedy, but they study the tragedy, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the advanced.
And when they're describing their science, they care with the gun.
Shame is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say, "Start and temperature, but why don't I say "The time and time, which is much more accessible to us."
It's not the same thing that we do dumb access.
Instead, as Einstein, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without understanding ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways to stretch and engage with their content.
And when you present your work, you forget about the signs of the "Starture."
You've wondered why you call them "The babies?  What do you do the babies? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not just boring, but it was supported too much in the language of our brain and it took us.
Instead, this example of examples of George Brown is much more effective -- shows that the special structure of the tragedy is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase -- leaders, that the audience can understand if it loses a little bit, and then they provide graphs that encouraged our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what they were described.
I think these are just some key ones that can help the others open the door and look at the country of wonders which is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for every media --  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all of the Oxford English dictionary is "Start."
Just because it sounds pretty well.
And "Starture, it means "profit destruction."
Although there was a pressure of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "I have the superconductor -- is that you look for a public charge without any matter of party, platform or beginning, and that, when you win, you get it for the best use of a monitor selling resistance.
I have no idea what "Monarch means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to embrace the exact words that were said in the parliament chamber.
And all of this was because of the bravery of a guy with the name of Brad Cross, who faced Parliament Carl.
He was killed in the London Tower and introduced him, but he had the enough courage of facing them, and at the end of it had such a popular support in London that he won win.
And only a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase "The blood so and the metal."
Most of you think it's literal stuff.
It's not. It's because of a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and policy interact, I want you to go back to America, just after independence, right after independence,
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, her leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a replacement country?
This is debate in Congress for a long time.
These are all kinds of suggestions that could be critical.
Some of you want to call it "The World Washington "The Hole George Washington, and other "Mars Line Line Line Lincolness and other Liberia Lifestyles.
Not very applied.
Some of you just want to call it "Oh."
They thought it was quality tested.
And not even with them were marketing, they had the idea that you could be elected Red for a certain term.
And it might have service.
Everybody gets interestingly, because this debate is produced for three weeks.
He was a day of a poor sense, and he always wrote, "I have this sign."
What caused the portrait and the uncle was that the Republic of representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to be extended by power.
They didn't want to call it Red for if he gave him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give the most modest title and more super-time and more obsessional than they were happening.
And that title was "Start."
President. They didn't invent the title, there was already before, but it only meant "Start that I created a meeting.
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more great than the term "first or "second."
There were pressures that had little collective adventures and collective and government fragments, but it was really an interviewing title.
And so the Senate is open.
They said, "It's ridiculous. We can't call it President."
"This guy has to be treated and meeting with foreign digits?
"And who would take a serious title with a title as ridiculous and inspired as President of America."
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate doesn't matter.
We can learn three interesting things about all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been in the press of President.
President Barack Obama has fortune to stay there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- possible that we keep waiting for 140,000 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and I want to leave you, is that the U.S. Telescope doesn't sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads to destruction, the largest economy in the world and a non-lethal aerial vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have gone to the green degree.
So at the end I won the Senate.
They got their reproduction table.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the self-organizing appearance -- well, it was a supply at the time.
But you know how many nations they have now presented?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads -- etc.
So, at the end of the God won and the Commission House lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the U.S. President now.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave with.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually the model of medicine much more than the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the red body rock in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak but above all, that muscle of male manufacturers and stones with primitive tools.
As the other ones, I take a cheap linear license of sunlight attached to the head with this alternative blood and I can barely distinguish the branches of the branches of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
And my hand was represented, and I suddenly remember a minute that I met days before, and I lost the control and flu income in that period.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the depths of that hole risking their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
I came out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're a prisoner of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Peace Peace Carolina.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met an interview of "Stage the Santa -- a NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, I began to learn about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not such as a grade.
When we ended up talking to me very bad, I was very honored to ignore this assignment of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a number of stomach and weeks later, flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of "The Sanstrues, and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of you will even consider them my second home.
But this time, I sold the dirty tricks.
A conservative calculation says that there are now more than 27 million people hidden in the world.
It's twice of the number of Africans displaced during all of the transparency schools.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today you can hide entire families by generations for global debt, 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many people have been engaged with false education promises and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and can't escape it.
Today slavery operates in trade, goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are desperately.
slavery exists in almost everybody and, however, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal I met the barriers of the store.
This strange and strong show was like entering ancient Egypt or Darwin Development.
In a temperature of 53 Chinese, men, women, kids, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy sun single side, and they put metaphorically barrel in their heads -- to 18 at the time, and they take them from the arms to trucks that are at hundreds of meters.
They deliver by the member and the care to work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 hours a day.
There were no payments to eat it, not to drink, and the severe despair made it a pretty intense one.
So performing was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the table and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run into the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to get back and sitting there, thinking, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the bush I wanted to cry, but the adversity I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Oh, you don't do it. Don't do it here."
And it explained me very clearly that showing emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put it into a worse situation that they were already gone.
I had to trust "The Sanstrues, and work within the system for their release and trust that they got it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Himalayas -- I found kids holding rocks for miles on monarchies to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the kids who charge them and the kids are holding them to their heads with card straps made of sticks, ropes and horses.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so insulter, but so obviously?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without pay, because this has been so much life.
They have nothing to compare it.
When these villagers reduce their freedom, the schools were supportive their houses.
When I hear the word slavery often we think of sexual traffic and because of this global awareness of this world would remind me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Karan I was preparing women who had been probably sex slaves.
I was commissioned by a few pages that were going to give to this dirty basement, to have fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a bond.
It was rather a restaurant.
Shortly, as you know in the office, are local.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where slaves show with their girls and children, some of them just seven years old, are forced to join customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each one is dark and dirty -- identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a bicycle and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their clients.
From foot in the lens, I remember a fear of air air -- and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be trapped in that hell.
I just had a superconductor, the stairs where I went in.
There were no door doors.
There were no windows enough to transport.
Those people don't have scales, and because we play a subject that is so hard, it's important to point out that slavery. Even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people in the agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sex slaves.
It goes by, but we don't see it.
Textiles are another activity that often relate to the labor of labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The black hands of black are from the father, the blue and red, from their children.
They mix the shoes in these big bars and they dip the silk in the liquid to the fingers, but the ink is toxic.
My introduction told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We hope we hope yet, you can get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work.
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children in the Latin lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to get a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, and it makes sense of it?
mistake. They were all schools.
Children are separated from their trans families, disappearing and forced to work extreme extension in these boats.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat was standing up, he was standing up, he feared that his little canoe was stripped.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the branches of the trees in the Latin Lake often catch networks and children, familiar and fear, were thrown into water to disappear the branches.
A lot of it is stored.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
As a fear of his love is not going to go away, and like all life has been treated with criticism, the younger slave is to the youngest slaves under his gift.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
cold and victim.
And it has to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're recorded with fish.
I want to introduce you to Karl.
Kofi was rescued in a village village.
I met him in a shelter where he "was the Saturn The Santa Space Reports.
Kofi symptoms is possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make a difference in their life?
They drove on a road in Ghana with "The Sanstrues," a comparable company with his sea suddenly accepted and supported our car and played the window.
It asked us to stay on a road road to the forest.
At the end of the road, we were invited to come out of the car, and asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then you sign this self-controlled sign and said, "This is the path -- this is the way. We go.
As we started to go down, we took the details that blocked the road and after walking around an hour we found that the path was encouraged by the recent rains -- so I put the pictures of photos on my head as we get into these water to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the sub-Saharan sun ended up in a clear, and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with the warming workers.
A lot of women had kids strapped to their backs, and as they look for gold -- they walk into the water with memorial.
The meme is used in the process of strangers.
These miners are scared in a poem in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the poet they were pregnant in his own supermarket.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, indicational, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have to 90 feet away, and these people load stone heavy bags that then will be transported to another area where the stone is so able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong men and vice men, but if we look closer to it, the margin will be able to work at least and as well as children.
They're all victims of injuries and diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely to be that this museum ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and alternative for memorial in a few years.
This is Mandela. When he died his father he took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying their uncle, Mandela is the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the injury of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mind, so severe that the doctors said it should be awful.
In addition to that, Mandela has tuberculosis, and I don't look at that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream with being released and educated with aid activists like "Stop the Saturn, and it's this kind of detection, a face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will take care of them and make everything possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not recordings. They're people real, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I think I don't think of these beautiful people, marriage, that I've had the great honor of knowing me.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is a fire and that fire would shine light on slavery because without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue living in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do applied mathematics and there's a peculiar problem for whom we do it -- we're like management advice.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I try to explain to you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
We dislike the virtues of the ball and the classroom dancers --  we will see more ahead.
But the ball demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial appreciation that can be a genetic component.
Sadly, the neurological disorders like the evil of Parkinson's deliberately destroyed this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jane Spanish who, in his time, was a virtual dance dancer.
Over the last few years has been very progress in treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable detail, temperature, rational and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have a objective and objective metaphor.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other movement disorders, there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological test of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside clinical trials, you never do it. Never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could do the test themselves.
They didn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as no conventional way to try to try to try to try to try it -- you see, in some sense, at least -- we are all viruses like my friend Joe Spanish.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as you get sounds like you're going to be able to talk to you, we can imagine as a dance of a vocal ball, because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sound and we all have the genes necessary. The IMF, for example.
And like balloon, it requires an extraordinary training level.
We think the time he takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as they vibrate and as well as Parkinson's affects the extremes, also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom you can see an extraordinary sample example of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
They are striking and denser and religious.
The speech becomes more quiet and astrolability after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How are these tests comparing based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both use existing infrastructure.
It's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are pretty precise. Well, but also the versions of voice are not specialized yet.
I mean, they can be self-designing.
They do very quickly, it takes about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are completely minimal and we all know what happens.
When something comes up with a cost so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to address them.
We can reduce the chemical difficulties of patients.
I would not have to go to the clinic for the routine cartoon.
With high frequency, we could get objective data.
We could do low low-cost massive trials for clinical trials, and for the first time, they were familiar to general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biologists of the disease before it's too late.
So by giving you the first steps in that sense, we are launching the Parkinson's vote.
Together to Henry and Patricite, we want to record lots of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Any of them, with or without Parkinson's -- can call under price and leave recording for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: Then Max will take all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What do you get from these shows?
Max Lincoln: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not the disease. TR: Sure.
MO: You see, some people may not happen. It may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limit the factors of confusion to search for the real markers of disease.
TR: You have 85 percent accuracy at this moment.
MA: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Technologies, I have to admit you, has done a fantastic job and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network too, which is a project of the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Nick and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MT: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much, Max Lincoln, public.
MT: Thank you, I did.
Before March 2011, I did photographic reports in New York City.
We are block creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and, usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the models, even more thin -- the perfect perfect skin is still more perfect to do the impossible -- and we can be criticized in the press all the time, but some of us are really artist with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly later, an organization where it was voluntary -- Health Vietnamese, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 to Orange Orange.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the Philip property of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reaches over 24 feet tall, and more than three miles long.
As you can imagine, the village was disappeared.
We took out of the channels and the frames.
We cleaned up schools. We took the slime and we left the houses ready to be repeated and repeating.
We took tons and tons of fish die, advertising, portrait of local factory.
We fire and love us.
For weeks, both the volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and cameras and ships.
Everybody did the same thing.
We will take up and take them to different places of all around us to work them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered out.
As they were in the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village education.
He helped clean the books and the huge, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of the assessment is recorded the photos.
They took them and I had the honor that that day would be to be to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the expression beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I quit myself in my hopes that something happened.
By looking at the pictures, I found some that had over a hundred years ago, some of them were still on the lab of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to recover that train and repair that rock and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came in Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, I knew we had to try.
So we started to rethink the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too quiet, but where the water had decreased the face of the girl I had to fix a lot of precision and denounce.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the strange picture.
Over the course of time, they got more photos, and they needed more refugees so that he went back in Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks I had 150 people who were willing to join it.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Bangladesh, a neighboring village north of Man.
Once we used the week we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that I would take to the entrepreneurship is a different story, depending on course of the device of photos.
It could make an hour. It could be a week.
I could use months.
This guy had to draw virtually by hand using the areas of the color whose color and detail had no destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures underwater in salt water, bacteria, with algae -- even with alternative, all of them together with the step of the time continued destroying it, so we clean up by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't rethink the picture unless he was clean, dry and had been recruited by his dark.
We had luck with the cleaning by hand.
We count with the guidance of an advertising neighbors.
It's very easy to damage even more of the pictures as a dollar.
As a Window, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures had enough in relation to photos.
He had started to clean herself but he stopped to realize that the damage even more.
I also had diagnosis.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be able to rebuild it, we could hold the images in a single picture and actually replicate the whole picture.
When I picked up their pictures shared some of their story with us.
A few colleagues from their husband found photos in a strand station between the rubble of the rubble that they used to be their house, but their colleagues would recognize it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the advantage of closing the barriers to the wave.
It had to go inside the water as the supply supports.
Their small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, different schools.
One of them was trapped in water.
He took a week to find his whole family and know that they had all survived.
The day he gave her pictures his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look, something that could remember from the past that had not been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,000 volunteers had joined the Hans hundreds of them helped us to clean up with more than 1,500 photos -- the great majority of the great majority of their owners would come back to hands.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us to go back to 90 families of completely resilient photos and refuse.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures of constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear it.
They are shot of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take about, but the first thing we will go back to look for.
This was about the project, to restore little pieces of humanity, to return someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is stopped to somebody, it has a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also makes a big difference in the life of resistance.
Some of them are connected to something larger -- to give it something bigger, use their talent for something that are not thin skin models.
To end up I'd like to read this email email -- I sent it Chris the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I went back, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories show in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, contributed to me, because a picture of my family was my grandmother, my mother, and my mother, and my daughter was born, he hangs out of our wall.
In the whole world, in all the few our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Adam Edinburgh inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that would take a apple on an exhibition of only one million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion or a billion frames per second.
So I present a new kind of photography, the female of a new technique that can create video videos in motion light.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the rates, beyond the line of vision, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays and really challenge the idea of camera.
If you take a laser drop, and you get it up and you get it up in a trillion seconds or whatever, in various features create a password of just a millimeter of a mile.
And that set of photons, that bullet -- travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet of it.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we found in this bottle, how are those photons display inside this bottle, right?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this?   Remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nanotechnology is what takes the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coke doesn't eat this research.  You have a lot of things in this movie, and you bring this information to show what's going on.
The pulse of our bullet comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and inside, it starts to spread.
Part of the light is standing, goes to the table, and we started to see these balloons.
Many of the photons finally get to the base and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces in the inside.
In that time, the waves travel on the table, and because of the reflection of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle, after a number of boxes, that the reflective reflections are preserved.
Now, if we take a common and common bullet and we make it take the same distance and see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that film.
One day? A week -- actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a slow bullet in motion.
And what about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are carrying out of the table, from the tomato and the sea wall.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, I thought, of a phenomenon at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integrated composition.
But if you look over once again, you realize that, as the light comes up from the tomato -- it keeps bright. It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is magnificent and the red light in its interior and it comes back after several billion seconds.
In the future, when this seminary is in their mobile phones, they will be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
So why do we create this camera at MIT."
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture of low exposure, it comes very little light.
But we're going to get a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so you just get some light.
We killed that bullet -- that password package millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very nice self-responsible, we took those digits of data and we trained them competitive to create those fears that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and protect them interesting.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a super-to-day future allowed him to see after the stores."
The idea is that we could throw some light up on the door, Redwood, go into the room, a part is going to be reflected in the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light banks.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left, it's our feminist.
Behind the wall there is a map, and we collect light on the door.
After the publication of our article in National Commissions.
And a small fraction of the photons come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our feminist has unique capacity.
It has very good temporary resolution and you can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what the point corresponds to what distance.
By projecting a laser you can record a picture in clay, that you see on the screen, it doesn't really have any sense.
But we take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we put them and we try to analyze the multiple balloons of light, and with that, we can see the hidden object.
Could we see it at 3D?
This is our recognition.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's coming back to the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open window.
Or we could build emissions able to see the interior of the body supply billions, and the same for causes.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a question to scientists to start thinking about female female as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the health imaging of the next generation.
Just like Jesse Einstein, he same scientist, he turned science in art, an art of satellite photographs.
I realize that all of the digits of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
They create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, the time between each one of those waves is just a trillion seconds.
But this is also a funny thing.
If we look at the waves under the tower, these are coming from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're recording almost to the speed of light, we have strange effects.
The order that events happen in the world sometimes appear to invest in the camera.
By applying the corresponding device of space and time, we can run this mess.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can play a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, grab Superman and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 1986 boy, and I live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that time, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people protected in pursuit of a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people gathered to protest for a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who of the present have a mobile phone here?
Let's stop.
Hands up your mobile phone, let me pick up.
Let's like, an Alexander, a Bangladesh, wood.
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm talking about me, from my cell phone, and how life changed.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Dark data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006 the E.U. Commission presented a distribution.
Data Desert District.
This disease says that every European company company, every single Internet provider, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who I was sending an email to who they send to who they send out to who they send out of it.
Who sent a text to who he sent to you.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company or their Internet provider.
And all across Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data sentence.
We want the self-replication in the digital age, and we don't want the phone phone phone phones and the Internet providers, all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, sandwiches, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets of Berlin, and they said, "Start," not fear.
And some even said this would be the Stage 2000.
The State was the secret police of Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time you use the mobile phone.
So I asked my phone to December TED, which was then the largest phone company in Germany, which please get me up all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Development Tzu said no, we don't give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
It was replaced the demand and they send me the information I asked.
Meanwhile, the German Corporation Transition failed the Professor for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this skin on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Three and five thousand numbers of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive. OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the emergence of data.
So, next to Zim Olympic and Obama Data City, we did this.
This is a visualization of six months of my life.
You can zoom up and go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I go from Francisco in train to Colombia, and what often I call in the trait.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate each other, and they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who you talk to whom, who sent you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at first, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the Stanford had known who involved in this protest, and, if the sun had known who the leaders were, this never happened.
The Berlin Wall of Berlin may never have happened.
And in contrast, neither the Supermark Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible in the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the self-assembly and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But you have to fight for self-interest.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century and it's not going to be a fashion floor.
When you go home, you go home to your representative that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, I would ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you that you have to fight through the self-replication in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, TED, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TED, what happens?
I call me Matthew Zerona and I'm not pregnant, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions -- attached to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, so I fear all the time.
Look at me.
It's a storyteller. I'm like a mixture of Shakespeare.
And Muhammad A.
The P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not controlled or cannot control.
No one killed my mother's uterus and I didn't hire it because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
It only happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be distributed.
Let's go from a ride.
Narrator on Christmas are in the commercial center, driving in circles in search of parking and what you see?
16 empty places for disability.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little distribution?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P, C, it's just one of them.
There was an operation of the oppression. I won the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian woman, Muslim woman, discussion and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Claudeship, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same insects.
I also love that if I wanted to walk my home to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "Even Canning."
The mantra of my father was, "You have "The "profit Dance," dancing cartoons."
If my three older sisters, I was little.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were going to go to school system and make sure that I was also out there, and if we didn't get all of the maximum note, we would all get my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years to put my keys in his feet and just walk.
Another tactics that I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that I would get it.
The sandwich that goes inside was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a bus camp that has received a lot of boats.
By growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all the family.
There are now 20 Arabic, and it's still the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians were thinking about using "The Muslims as a campaign memory.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, we seem to worry about a lot of hunger during the family.
I would tell you that I had enough fat to live three entire months without eating, so I hate the dawn to the advance is very easy.
Barack store in Brazil.
Yes, in Britain. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tables, or I can walk with tanks.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used tanks, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents were afraid if we didn't go back to Palestine all the summer, we will become Mars.
In the summer vacation often, my father was often trying to go out, so I was drinking milk milk -- they put me hot cards on my back, I got stuck in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned me and I thought, "Mars, work."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I should say it's very boring, but before I was doing yoga was a single commercial company, I couldn't put it up to you.
And now I can hold in your head.
My parents reinforce this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the Telescope Heart Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the E.U. state of Arizona.
It was like the little pet of the theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I made all the tasks of the least intelligent, I got the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the glass of my teachers called my teachers crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Bang very slow.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started shouting at the four winds, "Please will have a role.
I have brain paralysis.
At the end of the free.
Thanks to God automatics, at the end I'm a literature?
I didn't get the paper.  You gave it to Miss Brown.
I was going to enter the director of the theater department, crying, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Start, if I can't do the stunt stunts -- it can't be the character."
It was a role for which he literally had born and gave it to a reserve without brain paralysis.
The university was getting my life.
Hollywood has a high history of accelerating actors, unprecedented actors for distribution papers.
In graduate school, I went home, and my first automotive tour was as a stranger in a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a "beaten at "The Little Middle friend in a superconductor.
Instead, I went there like a vase -- I didn't see me more than the one, and it was obvious for me that the repair directors were not going to hire male actors, not white, with disabilities.
They only hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Washington Germany, Ross Barry, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commercials.
That's why I made me human.
In my first tour I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and never forget the face of the first comics that led when I was in the realization that I was going to high speed by the New Jersey highway, with a driver that had brain paradigm.
I worked in clubs around the United States, and also in Arabic.
Some people say I'm the first monolith in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that they never heard that little disgusting rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York City Federal Company, now in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the self-designing -- in the media and at the same time remind the devices of report that alternating and Arabic are not sensitive.
To integrate Arabs was much easier to fight against the challenge of the discussion of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program with Keith Hansaries.
I walked out as if I went to a graduate dance, I dragged myself to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Start, can you give another singer?
She looked at me and said, "Oh, four, three, three.
And we were live.
So I jumped to the desk desk to not go out of the screen during the sea, and when I finished the interview, I was born.
At the end I had my opportunity and the despair -- I knew that I would not get involved.
But not only Mr. Voice came back to invite me, but it was kind of like parallel time and fish my chair.
Something funny that I learned in direct with Keith Vance was that people on the Internet are hidden.
The children are critical, but they never get away from me or a little girl or older girl.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became object of bomb.
I see clips online, like, "Why will you lost?
"It's reproducing?
And my favorite favorite, and my favorite photographer.
What disease does it have?
We should really be brought by it.
A conclusion suggested even that adding my disability to my curs, shoes, committee, paralyzed to me.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't do Bellow, then Benki can't make someone in wheelchair.
Discovery are the thing? Yes, clapping. Come on.
Disconnections are the largest minority in the world, and the most survivors in the world of entertainment.
The doctors say it doesn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I had grown up with media media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we could create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that let me less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all of society to teach our children.
My journey journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came up with the red carpet called the December Disper Laden and the Alan Arab Clay.
I came up in a film with Adam Saturn and working with my leg, the incredible Dave Mary.
I saw the world by the way that the world has become fire."
I was focused on the great state of New Jersey in the CEO of 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Machies," a charity to give children refugee recording players a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in life, and I put this talk to her memory.

I call me Malai Zen and if I can, you can also can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a small village to South America.
This village is near Mozart.
The drought drives the small village to poverty and the edge of the income.
Without anything for him there, it's going to the big city, in this case, Mozart, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city at the outskirts of Mozart.
And maybe a year later, nothing.
One day he came up with a gentleman that offered him to take it to lunch.
I know a group of people who give him a destruction.
I got a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to their family.
I would introduce a young one.
He finally got home.
It starts a new life.
It has a goal of life.
A beautiful day in Mozambique, under a blue sky, broke a bomb car.
That little boy of that little girl with dreams of the great course was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Saturn, a terrorist organization connected to Qaeda.
So how did the story of a little boy to try to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him increasingly?
He was waiting.
He was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that we call "the Persian Period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the markers, young urban urban young people who were destroyed in Japanese displays, depressing riots in London, looking for something beyond the "profit waiting for something to look for.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity -- work, well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three of every five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the "profit Teambolo, the relationship door to the violence, to violence, to be the history of the 2.0 cities.
And in my hometown of birth, Mozart, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it's not going to school.
They do virtually nothing.
I went back to Martin last month, and I went to visit the Malawi hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in the front of that hospital and thinking about it, and if I never would have been going to be wrapped?
And if I had been forced to be in the same "Start Power?
I would have become terrorism."
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Martin that month was actually to join a few juvenile leaders in a corporate car.
I went to about 90 sound juvenile leaders.
We sat and we had an idea of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Allen.
He went to the University of Mozart, he graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate university, desperate, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shanghai and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be reflected.
They look for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest obstacle to get from point to the B is the streets.
Being years of civil war has completely destroyed the real system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
I then saw an opportunity and advance.
I started a motorcycle company.
It began to rent the local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time expanding hundreds of mice over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What do it do to this different story?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the entrepreneurial spirit can be the most powerful tool against "The waiting for the treatment."
The young people will be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for as desperately as they are.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Montana Malai, a flag.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiatives and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Martin has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Martin arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding. We were using plastic to send them from the outside.
If you ask someone, "When was the last time you saw fragmentation flowers."
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "Starture."
So Martin saw an opportunity.
I started a company of paper and floral design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mozart, and it started to grow business and biosphere, which as he said, they could survive the hard climate of Mozart.
And I started the flow of flowers for bars, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park of Market in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozart.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, they can go together, and like he says, smell the proverbial radios.
By the way, he didn't grow rap because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the Mexican presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGO working for government, but his story, his innovation actually had a strong impact on them.
They forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encourage them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that might be a change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They ignore corporate solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and creating a corporate spirit culture is really a great step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need expertise and guidance to guide them into the development and put it into their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, the support that they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mozambique is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Her Peace park, this is how I call it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
And then I hired kids from the street to help rent and maintain the movements for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the "profit of waiting.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is to become young people in entrepreneurs -- they enter and they feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of the peace that autonomous and "Pacific Persians."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old and I went camping with my father on the Antarctica Mountains -- an area in the north of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest formed.
The sun made the leaves glow like a video, and not to be the way that we follow -- we can almost pretend that we were the first human beings to pass that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a collaboration in a very beautiful Christian lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the collaboration there was a base, from about four square feet with marriage heart bags populated by aluminum paper balls, and and an old cartoon.
And I was annianticle, I was very angry.
The birthday who were too lazy to get what they had brought out, who thought he was going to clean his banker."
That question followed with me, and it was simplified a little bit.
Who clean our bankers?
No matter how to organize or where they put the "beauty," who clean our trash in Florida?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash to the reason of 11 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know it as individuals.
I wanted to understand who that job.
What do you feel like to use the uniform and take that load to it.
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interview.
It needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage record.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive.
And I operated the mechanical screens and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you will be used quickly.
It costs a lot of use to the weight.
I met people who had worked on that for several years, and their bodies continue to adapt to the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Office of Labal statistics -- the waste collection is one of the 10 most dangerous organizations in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and you're going to take you around you.
They just want to happen, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the relentless of garbage.
When you go out of the face and see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming back.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe that waste records are the most important labor in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of the waste in an efficient and effective form every day, this starts to spread out of your containers and your inherent dangers threatened us in very real ways.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to bridge and start to draw.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for the new thing that the engine engines start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating by capitalism, just to signal your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average daily speed necessary.
I mean just to the speed of the speed that we move to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, and we were not retired, and we have to take our cup of coffee, our ball of the killers, our water bottle.
We use them, we take them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a work force on the other side of it.
So today, I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about refrigerators that maybe help reduce stigma and include that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost literally.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us apart from ourselves, from our own waste, our destruction, and that flow should always be kept in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I listened to the plot of a record collection truck on the street, holding my little son, and I went down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper record journey as I did all the binds.
And I tried to thank you for doing their work that particular day, but I started crying.
And I looked at me and looked at me and said, "Let's be good.
We're going to be right.
Shortly after that, I started investigating the refrigerator recording and I went back to that man.
It's called Palestine, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reconcile the way we exist on this planet as we have to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of labor labor.
Molecular waste, what we think when we talk about garbage -- represent three percent of the number of waste waste.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize it.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life to form part of the environment where architecture was born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analytics from different perspectives are becoming an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abu.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, and to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out of the way."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to solve.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the refugee with crystals generates heat in the interior, so you need so much contraction.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And third, their aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Egypt.
It's a shame that was so rich in culture and tradition.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really burning with the ancient market that is this structure in the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small vaccines.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building modern, of several stories, apply these principles.
The next challenge is presented by the inspiration of the site, which is located in a very large area of the city, where a lot of the buildings we see in the image, they didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, put all the entries of the building.
And this extends with an inherent anchor that creates a space in the free air in the building that is automatically, by its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of market with small businesses, which changes on each floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue that was similar to a contractor of antibiotics with personalities to allow me to allow the air, and also the light, but in a fictional way.
And then we inspired in these beautiful buttons of the epidemics of the earthquake.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me shape the facade of it.
We're building that with these little pieces that are prepared that are the windows that are going to leave the air and light in a way controlled to the inside of the building.
This is combined with these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "This is not a mall. It wasn't what we ask."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the center of the mall because in the end of the conclusion there was more local to sell it.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economists, not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have an air accelerated.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy self-assembly for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting it on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that created this urban oasis.
And these petals in the roof, that in a set collect water for the sanitation of the inside.
You wait for the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to do a big project, the biggest one I ever designed, I needed not only to understand Toronto city, but also their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I had special attention in the mission, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with 12 doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand the existing streets, create 12 similar blocks similar in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these parasites.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this model the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like a standard part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the media climate."
And it's normal, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural vehicle.
So we support a scheme that ensure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with parts, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for the penguins.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And I also remember this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like repeating the community the occupied space by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can go up and get it up and do activities like running a two kilometers in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies to the same rate as buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improves the relationship between community and environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable.
I had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little bit of little bits of little bits and cute. It was strong enough for the capital capitals -- very good at article.
I finished that year and I was full of children, until I took my sea separation.
And one day I stayed a time after the school. It was a little bit late and I hid in the girl of girls.
When the coast was stopped, I went out in the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the book of my capital.
And then, I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just some of them.
All of the things.  And I was willing to remove the book to the painting, but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a faith, I run the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all rows out of I and myself a row of that, just for being there. Since I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea comes out.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never get stuck.
It was that everything was desperately desperate.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I discovered the reason why I was bothered by that this girl, so small, was so good for original.
I was intrigued by children.
They're so mysterious and so performing.
We know babies suffer from children.
Also the primates, the adjacent birds are very problematic.
We know that blogs are the number one cause of communication manufacturers in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes the loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to the fiction, because the novels are like the laboratory that the cells are studying in all their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no children, there would be no literature.
Because there would be no Helen the infinity, there would be no "profit."
There was no black king or "The Nigeria and a night."
There was no Spain.
They disappear, the high school reading lists, because we were losing "The Research and the Fire," there would be no "Compassion or "The Fortune, and we will lose "Look Berkeley, and "All Kisaway."
Without celebrations, there's no Professor. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the children, it almost has all of them.
This year it was 100 years of his work -- "In the look of the lost time -- the most extra study of sexual chimpanzees and also the ordinary competition, my God, all we could have.  And think of Project, we have the perfect details -- right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a hungry manufacturer in you to wash it.
We forget about how hard that picture.
We forget about how impossible it is.
I mean, it's books that Virgin William said they were as hard as a cat tribe.
I don't know what the cat tree is, but we assume it's supernatural.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the children, the blogs and Princes.
It's going to be very obvious as the children, that are reduced to the person, their wish, their presentations, are a good narrative nation that are going to be sort of socially.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel children.
When we feel celebrating, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make them feel bad.
It's going to be sticky and audience, we know exactly what details they include to make the knife off, right?
The cells make us all amateur numbers, and that's something that Professor understand.
Everything that she does to make pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now.
And he starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Professor says that every fresh love that Santa detected in his lover, he adds to his collection of torture instrument in his private camera.
You have to admit that San and Professor, were notoriously clinical.
You know, the New Yorkers would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so close to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
Children are attacked.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the children?
The cells are taken from information.
The cells use the details.
Children like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and little bit of literature.
The cells are taken from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Professor well-being well the academic language with the cells.
When San is in his children's seat, he suddenly heard behind the doors and support the services of his lover -- then he will have those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is reproductive, but it's not different than the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a muscle.
He says, "I'm scientific research with real intellectual value.
Process is trying to show that the cells are international and they make us seem absurd, but in their memory, they are pursuit of knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth. In fact, to what Professor is -- the more painful the truth is better.
The pain, the humiliation -- the loss. These were the pathways to the Professor of Professor.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffering, causes us to make a much more profound and vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested.
It's telling us that we're going to look for criminal women.
No, I think it's trying to say that the cells give us to ourselves.
And there's some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
There's some other emotion revealed our adversary, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at intensive intensity so federal.
Freud wrote about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very unexpected young young man who was consumed with the idea that his woman was stored.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, without realizing it, individual behaviors.
So sounds too much, or accidentally it was removed with a man.
Freud says that man was becoming the compared of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells make us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become the resistance of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells push us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about my case at age eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michael 74 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since the one that was sent by living messages -- awful to himself, for a year.
For a year. A year.
She was trying to go into the new girlfriend of his boyfriend, I have to tell you that when or this, reacted with admiration to advertising.
Because, let's be realistic.
What huge -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a Parkinson's novel.
Stanford is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The Treating in a Treaton," and "The Taliban Mr. Leonardo, books who are trying to do the children, to confuse our minds and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the children, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be perceived in a second.
Take Tom Red, his most famous character.
Tom Reagans is going to want or want what you have to work out of your self and put it out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, it takes your rings, you empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Red.
I can't give you the whole world, as well as sometimes I want.
It's a pity, because we live in times of aging.
We live in the time of ice.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the coin is agreement?
The novels show us the subjective? I'm not sure.
So let's do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they are in front of a mystery.
Let's go to Bali Street at Barry Street and ask by Shanghai Harvard.
When people think about Harvard, they think about the marriage locked at Professor Dead, that criminal genius.
But I've always prefer "The Institute, and the chief face of Scott York rate that needs Deaders desperately -- needs the Dutch genius, but I was annoyed by it.
Oh, I'm so familiar with me.
Lester needs his help, but the rest of it, and bubble with beginning in each one of the mystery.
But like working together, something starts to change, and eventually in "The Seattle Side of The Sides of The Sides on Haiti, once Dead comes in, they deliver everyone with his solution, and he comes back to Hawaiian and says, "We're not celebration, Mr. Haiti.
We're proud of you.
And it tells you that there is no person at Scott Hender that I didn't want to cut your hand.
It's one of the few times we see Hawaiian transported in history. I look like this very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a Herban minute that's the opposite side of Leonardo.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Lenny allows you to admire that idea of being the rescue.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells are really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to remember from the greatness of the other.
We can stand with it.
But I like control plans.
So as we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Just the filter of the decorations of the chief.
The fiction used the professionals, I invited them to the table.
And look at what they address, the sweet Pennsylvania, the Stone Tom Redwood, the Lauren Lauren, the same Mars Professor.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Alexander jumped out of the Moon 11 moon of Apollo 11 and destroyed on the Marine Sea.
Armstrong and Alaska were alone, but his presence on the surface surface is the culmination of a contemporary collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest monument in peace times in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo Finance, 24 men traveled to the moon.
He walked on his surface, which Alexander after the death of Aristotle last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of back, 365 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 stores later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why they were, the cynical answer is they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kenya at the University of Rice in 1968, give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some questions, why the Moon.
Why do you turn into our goal?
And you could also ask, why is the highest mountain scale.
35 years ago, why fly about Antarctica?
Why do I play Richard against Texas.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pond: For the continents, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the East War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was the wonder of the transistor of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trains.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of speech and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In half of the century, the policy would be eradicated, and the smallpox.
Technology seemed to put what Alvin TED in 1970, called "The Academy."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with red, but in 1969, the Apollo trip 10 flew to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has travel faster than Apollo 10, and the joy optimism about the power of technology has been evaporated by looking at what we think technology will solve as going to Mars, creating a clean energy, curing cancer, or feeding global population seems to have been intriguing.
I remember watching Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that they don't look at the escape tube called the Saturn Vietnam.
I knew that this would be the last moon, but I was completely sure I was going to see the colonies in Mars.
So that of "The God happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it during the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists had been distracted and engaged with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated wine.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a trained explanation in Silicon Valley, who has created less ambitious companies than the years of the years in which Intel and Microsoft and Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the collapses, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment causes to change the creation of ideas that are transformed by the funding of intractable problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains a lot of what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the venture capitalists were in their logical point without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investments that could go out in 10 years.
The CEO, they have always had problems to invest with benefits of technology as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they've never invested in the developing technology development to solve big problems because they don't have a immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars required a political decision that was popular and that never happens.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biologist less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biologist.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. There are no exist.
Now, the technologists, the entrepreneurs and the economists agree about what policy and international treatment is to increase the development of alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the price price.
But there's no hope in the political climate of political climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treatment that reflects that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that look like technology, it turns out to be not to be.
We know from doing time that famines are result of failure in the food decline.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like commercials or systems for storage and food repair and food repair -- but there will be hunger while there are bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes have a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the cancer in 1973, but soon we found that there are lots of different types of cancer, some awful restaurants to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seems to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we can, but these four elements have to be presented, political leaders and population should want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution, have to really treat a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems to solve those creatures.
But it's a regular model in the future.
We're not in 1968.
There is no glacier competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who wound the difficult and dangerous, and there is no popular method of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even aware of any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start to remind you the widespread ideas that have about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recognition, there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second one is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about it.
First of course, why people think trust has delivered?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I was encouraged to think that it can have declined in some activities or institutions and that might have increased others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to the polls of opinion, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there's no evidence of it.
I mean, the people that are discovered about 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, keep inspired by the same description.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable and pitches, shoes, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half of the road.
But is this enough evidence?
What the opinion polls are recording are, of course, opinions.
What else can you reconstruct?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people do when they ask certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians, trust in the teachers.
Now, if someone asked you, "Are you in the self-interest?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primates of primate?
They probably started to ask, "You can do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust in some, but in other not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to define trust in a different way.
We don't assume that the level of trust we're going to feel for a certain type of office, working or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, saying I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give you the kind of reading, but in no way to drive the school microbe.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most local friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to get a secret.
Simple.
And if we get those evidence in our everyday lives in the way trust is difference, why we stop all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way.
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to deny the good inherent judgment to trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would present.
I will encourage you to have more confidence in what is to deserve trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a paradigm of not trust what it's not reliable.
And I think that those people who have to define their savings with the very seemingly called Mr. Mars, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, they were too reliable.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
confidence to character or negative confidence, that's the right target.
Once you say, you say, yeah, yeah, that means that what matters in first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competition? Are they honesty? Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is competitive in the personal materials, and it's responsible and honest -- then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a confidence set.
But yes, for the contrast, they're not responsible. We couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but they don't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're obesity.
I have friends who are very sure they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say I think I don't have many friends that are competitive and responsible but extremely destructive.
If it is that, I haven't been perceived yet.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
confidence is the answer.
Conservation is what we have to judge it.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accounts of accountability for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and others, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a part, and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than I would attend the payload itself.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional and institutional life, that the accounts of accounts that are destined to guarantee trust and conference testing, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to differentiate the work of the people who have to do difficult tasks, like the parts, demanded that "slice the camps, as we say.
I sure all of you know similar examples.
All that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more constructed, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and transcendence, the people who are trusted and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes.
Third, the task.
They call the task reconstructing trust, putting things backwards.
I suggest that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- ultimately, it's different because we give us other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't get it up, usually all people, all the time.
But you also have to take sure that you are worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, making common people, workers, institutions, very effective.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says I can do it without giving me explanation.
I'll take you and get my money, or change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, at the end of the end, I think what we're pointing on is not something very difficult to discuss.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginnings of computers we've been choosing by reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be delivered.
This separation has been representing, getting more and more and more, as a point that today is less than one millimeter, the spirit of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wondered, and if there was no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when we put it strong against the screen by bringing its physical body to the pink.
designers can make their ideas go directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers down.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands?
In the division of Machite Accenture in Microsoft, along with my mentor Captain Bonobo, he reduces the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
They combine a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can lift the hands of the keyboard, get to the inside of the 3D space, and grab it directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select is as easy as to grab a book from a state.
You can sink the book and shoot lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is inside every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
And if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us?
Sure, many of us have bought and recovered things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or traffic when the system understands your body geometry.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
How would it be a future like this?
At the MIT Media Media with my colleague Hiroshi Israel and my collaborator Reed Poem, we created this only physical pink.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D piece in space, which means that both the computer like users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was we announced gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors agreed.
And by programming the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distant destruction, and the famous shot of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce it as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use them as tools to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike monitoring or textbooks or textbooks -- this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is figuring out how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show you something but it will start to act directly about us as part of us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without we have to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we put that barrier out, the only limit that is still our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become skyscrapers for two years in America, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all the peaceful spending.
But my mother singing said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After survived the Cultural Revolution, they believed that there was only a central path towards happiness, a safe work and really recorded.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese singing.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer has to start training from very young to learn the acts -- so I tried everything I could to go to the school school.
And so until I wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adults would give you the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So, at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream will never be done.
I feared that, during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved looking for another vote.
No one around me wanted to show me, OK.
Remember the books.
["The completely, from Saturn -- "The Story Charles -- from Nanopatch Hawking. I arrived in the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
Good Earth, it's about the Chinese Jewish life.
And it's not confident propaganda. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation.
"But "I said, "It's so different, and much better than you will get.
So it became my tool to come out of this guilt trap. And to reclaim the relationship with my parents.
I encounter it with a new culture as well as my comparative reading habit as well.
And raise a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Comparison is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There's even research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contract, give the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why don't they also do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two to two.
They can treat people from War Industrial War, "The Alice Alternia, who were involved in a sun or friends with shared experiences.
For the Cramba, the temptation are economic, politics and specifically.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychologists, painter, fear and social shape -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.

For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "slide in Chinese literally means "Start quickly?
And "Starture, in Chinese, literally means "The Mom, OK.
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to be feeling alone or impossible ever.
Having a devastating dream is really nothing compared to what many other people have suffered with.
I've come to believe that reconstructing is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where the happiness comes from.
Even a destructive dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here today, happy to live again and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always admit them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychologist of psychology.
I was a school student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 28-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked to the first session using jeans and a Dutch boat, and he took into the couch of my office taken off the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so additional.
My class of class had a partner as a first client.
And I got a glimpse that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could manage it.
But I didn't.
With the Christian stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it became easy to move the head as that we fix the solution.
"The trees are the new "Ahians," he said Alex, and so I saw -- she was right.
You start to work after it -- it gets home after it has children later, to death later.
For versus Alexander and I had time to go.
But soon after my superconductor was preparing me to push Alex to talk about his loved life.
I remember me.
I said, "God, it's coming out with guys under your category, and you have a healing head, but it's not like it was going to marry it.
And then my superconductor said, "You know, but maybe you have the next one.
And also, the best time to work on Alex marriage is before he got married.
This is what psychologists call a "eureka!" moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 2000.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used after what they were used to, but this didn't make Alex 2009 a pause in their development.
This made that the 2000 of Alex were the perfect moment and we were destroyed it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of vehicles everywhere.
There are 50 million views in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to adulthood.
Raise your hand if you're in your 2000.
I want to see the vehicles here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with self-designing -- I love a view, you take the dream out a view, I want to see.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and moments and moments that give her life would have happened to when they have 30 and so on.
People from over 40, they don't get in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on the amount of money they win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, or they live with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up their second and final stage of growth in its 20s, and they reward for adulthood, which means that if there's something you want to change itself, now it's time to change.
We know that the personality changes more times during their 200 than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their own table at the age of 28 and things become complicated at 35 things.
The 200 are the moment to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your life and common life has a dedicated impact in the person who will become a detailed.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development, and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the verses are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the timeline.
The researchers call the 200 an extended adolescence.
The journalists have been named names to the vehicles like "The "Starture, and "The "Starture."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a tradition which is actually the decade that it defines adulthood.
Leonardo Benjamin said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not true.
What do you think when you give a pilot on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life."
Nothing happens.
He stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and nothing absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart views, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say, "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You have to say that as you start a race before the 30 -- everything will be fine.
But then it starts to sound like this: "My 20 are to finish and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better cursive, the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound like this: "The quotes during the '60s were like the shoes game.
They all run out and they were fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music came up and they all started to sit in.
I didn't want to be the only one who was standing in, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30.
Where are the ancestors here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there's a huge pressure to the troops and so many of you start a career, pick up a city, choose a mate, and having two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
A lot of these things are not complicated, and there are research that starts to show that it's much more difficult and stable to do all of once at 30.
The media crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of transistors and strangers look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and talking about her 2000, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the ancestors are doing and thinking.
Here is a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Empire.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having a crisis crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a mission.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend that showed more temperature.
And even though you live about 200 very difficult, your previous life had been even more difficult.
They cried often in our sessions, but then she was stored himself by saying, "You don't pick up your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
He just bought a new book for distribution, and he had spent the whole morning to come with his many contacts. But then he was looking at the empty space that continues after the words "The case of emergency, please call it air."
I was at the point of history when I saw and said, "What is going to be for me if I have a curious accident.
Who is going to take care of me if I cancer?
At that point, I got a lot of work resistant and not say, "Yes."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really was worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as for just feeling as the decade of December was going on.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I said to Emma three things that all views, men or women, deserve to know.
First of all, I said to Emma that was forgetting that crisis of identity and getting identity capital.
By identity capital, I mean to do something that adds value to their person.
Do something that's an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the English career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates capital capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that interior, of that company that you want to try.
I'm not looking at the eye exploration, I'm discovering exploration that shouldn't tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's property.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell you.
Secondly, I said to Emma that urban tribes are supporting them.
The best friends are great to get into the airport, but the verses that join friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who comes out almost always comes out of their closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called Chinese friends of friends from their friends.
Yes, half of the vessels have a bad job or they have no work.
But the other half not, and the weak links are the way to collapse this group.
Half of the working jobs are never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
For the last but not least, I guess you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a view, I was soon to choose his family, when he has a partner and shape his own family.
I said to Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But choosing the person that you live with now or you are now in Facebook when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the airplane is not progress.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being as intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who you and what you want instead of just making it work or killing time with who you get them to you.
So what happened to Al Atlantic?
Well, we got that distribution, and she found a quarter of a cousin that was working on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That job of work gave him a reason to leave the bride that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's sort of special organized of events.
This married with a man who chose consciousness.
I love his new career, he loves his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Now the spaces of emergency contact are not big enough.
It may sound easy, but that's what I love to work with veterinarians.
It's very easy to help.
The rings are like planes that come out of the Los Angeles airport that goes somewhere in the West.
Just before the launch, a slight acceleration in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Philip.
In the same way, at the age of 21 or at 25 and even at the time, a good conversation, a good conversation, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
So here's my idea of dinosaurs to spread all the beekeepers you know.
It's as simple as I learned to say to Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of saying to versions like Empire every day -- the trees are not the new 20, they have their advertising, they get identity capital capital, using their weak stores, choosing your family.
They don't let me define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very exciting job in moral comfort for a work that was even more exceptional, the document.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh degree students in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, the grades.
What struck me the attention was that the CEO, was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no CO2 plants, strategics.
Some of my smartest children were not getting so good.
And that led me to think.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh degree -- safe, are hard, proportions, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard, and during the enough.
After several years more of a data, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivating perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better ways.
It's the CD: But what if they succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a fast and easy manner.
So I left the classroom and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Millennium Academy West Portugal.
We try to predict what characters stay in military training and who will be replaced.
We went to the National Center of Delight and we tried to predict what children are going to do in the competition.
We study young teachers working on really difficult neighborhoods, asking them what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of learning from their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking them, which of these marketers are going to keep their job of work?
And who is going to make more money?
In all these very different contexts, it comes up a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and it wasn't the CD.
It was determination.
Design is passion and permanent to reach very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to their future, day after day, not just for the week, not only for the month, but for years and work really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination questions, and then wait about a year to see who they were created.
It turns out that the most determination children had significantly higher chance of flu, even when they put them in every characteristic that I could measure, things like the family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security they felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or at the National Center of Delicist where it matters determination. It's also in school, especially for children in risk of delivering.
For me, the most powerful thing about determination is the little bit that we know, the little bit that science knows about development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in children."
What should I do to teach kids a solid job of work?
How do you keep them motivation for the long term?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the talent doesn't give you detection.
Our data is very clearly showing that there are many talented individuals that just don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, determination is not related or even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called the growth "security."
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol Daniel, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not to be fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Daniel has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how to change and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to pursue when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop detection.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have at the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intentions, and we need to prove it.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to fail to fail, to get wrong, to start all again with the lessons we learned about.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more secure.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as a daughter of a carbon, one of my most advanced memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a stranger, it seems as impossible as the Great Wall Chinese.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the roles of every single character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and easy way.
A Chinese academics understands 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand the basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read train signals, I mean, you understand the basic idea of the websites or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
You open your mouth as well as it is possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
Personal.
If the form of the fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a regular way, "Compassion is shooting -- this symbol actually is original to the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
Trees.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The direction of the door looks like a couple door doors in the old West.
I call these eight capitals.
They're building blocks so that they believe many more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's "Start."
As the ancient said, two are companies, three are criminal.
If a person walks their arms, this person is saying "I'm this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner as John inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the simples.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a "profit?  Easy to remember, because a paradigm tree is pretty busy.
Remember the fish?
Two fires together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire. That's a lot of call.
Put the fire under the two trees -- that's to burn it.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two alone together, present.
Three together, those are storms.
Put the sun and the moon bringing together, that's the joke.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun goes out on the horizon.
A door, put a cage inside the door, is the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Hey, you have somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, scared, stone.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care about it.
So we've already spent about 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radios will allow them to build 32 percent.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, it's going to be able to learn a couple hundred characters -- which is the same thing that you learn about eight years.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a voice.
We know that Japan is the land of the natural sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east to China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains isolated one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese workers would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exhibition has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a superconductor.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking and coming out of the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad is movies that I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the March of Oz together.
The movie takes his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Gandhi, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand, and take a magic number.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raised our children in a kind of industrial complex system of child fantasy.
However, OECD magician was an event in itself.
I didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a couple of years later and straightforward, years later, and another film whose presentations, a guy of metal and a young man rescued a young girl as a flat guard.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there's a couple of big differences between the God of Oz and all the movies we see today.
One is that there are very little violence in the Mary Mars.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think that if the magician of Oz are made today, the magician would say, Deless, you're the Savanna savings like the prophet of the property.
They use magical shoes to defeat the military marketing military computers.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Olympic magician is that the most heroic characters -- wise and even violence are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Walk to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a child.
It's just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the landing level had come down.  And so he stood up in the room and he was impressed as a mom with his batteries behind his battery, and I don't think he understood what happened, but indirectly, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what percentage.
Would they be issues of value, persuasive and little self-activating?
Would you have the feeling that Linux joined an army to defeat the government.
We compare this with the March of October of 1980.
How do you win Denmark your film.
They make good meetings with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow Obama, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital for America, forces in movies for our children, and so little of the yellow boundary path.
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and you should read. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the Leonardo princess doesn't provide the right framework that had served me for the world of adults that is missing.  I think at the moment of the first kiss I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My quest has done, I have girlfriend.
Why is it going to stand there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the violin and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and they defend the principals of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they are, the boys, they're not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job when they teach girls how to defend the paradigm, but not necessarily to show kids how to defend the paradigm.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women writing new stories for our children, so real and lovely like Henry and Kara, but they don't stop being a war film.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classical after classical -- each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who created a child.
So, as many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out.
I recommend it all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when Germany came out.
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a prison.
It's very good. Don't let it stop them.
Well, almost none of these films pass the Benjamin test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
There hasn't been roots and already proposed, but maybe we start a movement.
Albert Benki is a digital diamond, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend of the employee of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the movie, there's more than a female character than having lines ...
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the guy who just like that?  All right? Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I have seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the film that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, art.
Right? Robotics of Origin, screen success, an idea of consensus of what a quality Hollywood film is.
It doesn't have the test of Benjamin.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a stereotype where men and women hide during the crime crisis.
We have a lot of shoulders of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations in this hidden, and it's the great moment for one of the access to get a look at the door and say, come to bed, card?
This is Hollywood.
So let's go in the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular films, how many of them think they have female properties?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then okay.
But there is a larger number that is going to describe this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think the music videos or the pornography are closely cool, but something is wrong, and when I listen to that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual adversities.
Who are those guys? What are they learning.
What do you not do learning?
They're looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence, and then get the reward.
We're looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare it.
We have tools to our disposal as a police paper, and we expect that to help it, but I have to ask you to do, and I have to ask you to be able to ask it -- at the same time, active or paradigm, we're educating our children to keep their male power power."
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of the muscle is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the school.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character from Star Warren you know what I answered.
You know.
Van, Kenya and Glamoro.
What do you have in common these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anyone, and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help us reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories in which I tell my son, look and fight only and more stories where you see their work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people to improve and be better people, like the God magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was looking for sea cookies in the shores of Maine, because my parents told me that I would give it luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these contracts.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see it.
However, over time, they will be used to look for it.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me to connect me.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and artificial.
And eventually when I started studying Egyptians, I realized that I saw my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, had grown up to one of almost 1,000 miles of length alongside the Nigeria.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using the infrared influence.
This is a place located in the eastern ice of Egypt called Berkeley.
And the place, at the simple view, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like brilliant rock.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities.
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called States, lost for thousands of years.
Africa, it was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this great Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The education have always known that Africa, I was located somewhere near the partnership of the two kings that built them, influenced inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge silver plant.
This area is enormous. It's about six percent per square kilometers.
Before the Nobel side right next to Africa, and as it changed over time, it brought into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a separate city in a extreme landscape?
Trying to find it to the randomness would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a panther, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves in a row.
So we use NASA computer data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nigeria happened.
But you can see more deeply, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, that we think it could be the location of Asia.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample of sample in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five feet down, under a thick layer of slime. We found a dense layer of objective objects.
This means that in this possible position of Asia, five meters down, we have a bunch of organizations of a number of years that are dependent on the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period that we think is Asia.
We also found sound jobs and culture, cure and galaxy, what shows that there was a jewelry collapse.
This might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Malawi Mars with these are the stones that are used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that causes the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't even find Africa, here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire -- probably I was written in Africa, 4,000 years ago.
They share knowledge is the biggest of all volunteers.
There's nothing like that on land.
So according to this, TED was not founded in 1984 D.
They make ideas actually happen in 1984 to the C. C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine contractors in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's done.
Now it's a group of obese numbers in bicycle.
They're competing in a nuclear cartoon of bicycles and they go directly to their door.
I need you to see this really true.
They're stripping strong, they're supporting, they're going to jump a lot.
And I collide from front against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that go on to their side, rays from the wheels that end up in the passive places. It puts the door of the door.
In the lobby, the parent, or what there is on the other side of the door, and they look at the quality of the light, the shine of the Galapagos Muslim.
It's linked with your hand.
It was from his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that I'm talking about.
You can feel your blue legacy by making it cool in the nose.
You can smell the glass of water and pass that is about to get in your mouth.
It goes down one side and enter your living room.
In the room, and make a maximum use of their imagination, imagine Britney Steven.
He's with high clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing "The Mars Mars Montana Olympic.
Now join the kitchen.
The ground has been recorded with a wall of yellow bits and from the oven coming to you Director, the man of Patrio, the Star of Mars and Lane of "The Mac of Mars," giving me out of hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the Memerricken Memerrence of Memorial Millennium."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for me, I guess, that this was like the end of a sandwich sequence.
There were several men and a few different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at just once.
They memorize the names of tens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
I was competing to see who I could memorize with more radical the order of a bar bank.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people must be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Columbia who had come from England and has one of the best trained memory.
I said, "Well, when you realize that you were a single?
And I said, "I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who's involved from this competition says they have normal memory.
"We have been trained to make these memory act of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 250 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that I used Cyrus to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize whole books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did you not hear of this before?
We were standing out of the competition of competition, and Alexandria, who is an English and brilliant English -- although a little bit of it, he said, "Oh, you're an American journalist.
You know Britney Stars?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Brazil Savage how to memorize the order in a live cat deck in national television.
That will prove to the world that anybody can do it.
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britain Steven, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also researcher, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called A.
He's a heart, very likely to be the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pentians. He was moved for the paper of Descartes Harvard in the movie "The Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorize phone words, was slide.
And by coming back, it was a number of treaties about written memory doing something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory and disciplined and culture was not as rare as it might seem today.
A long time, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also changed us.
They have changed consumers, and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate people about this idea of trained memory, discipline, creative memory is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so similar, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how to do these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from London College in London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know -- it will have brains in some way, structural or angle different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
They're more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects with that they compare them.
When they put them into a MRI MRI machine, they would scan their brains as they memorize numbers and faces and forms of snow comes out of snow -- they found that memory camps are ignored by the brain, different to others.
In effect, they used, or they seem to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation.
Why? There's something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as a armed race where every year has a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should put the day.
This is my friend Ben Professor, three times fishing memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 degrees of discovery that he is about to try to memorize it in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just doubled.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 41 random binary distribution.
In an hour. Yeah.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end is reduced to one concept that psychologists call the language "slices?
It was infected with a paralyzed elegant known as the Palestinian Pacific Parkinson's Parkinson's Parkinson's Parkinson's says? I tell two people to remember the same word. I tell you to you, "We have a man named Bali.
That's his attraction.
And then I asked them, "I have a Channelets.
And when I go back later, and I ask you to "Sarand that word that I told you to do a mouse."
"I know what it is?
The person who was told that his name is Baxter is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that his work is "great."
The same word, different capacity of memory, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the Bangladesh name actually doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship to it.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "Well, we know warehouses.
They use white shared simple.
They have spikes in their hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some warehouse.
And when we first got that word for the first time, we started putting up associated contractors to show them basically at some point at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 250 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "Mars of memory."
The story says this way. There was a poet called Samara that addressed a gallon.
They had hired him as a entertainment, because before, if he wanted to give a very good party, he didn't bring a DNA, he hired a poet.
He stood up with her fish, he recorded his memory poem, and he shots, and as soon as he was, the ball of the bank was cooking.
They kill everyone.
But not only killed all of them, but I will destroy the bodies by destroying infections.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they couldn't understand the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Short, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of their mind, I could see where it had been sitting in every winter.
He took the families in the hand to take them to where their loved beings were between the rubble.
What I'm addressing at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively -- and it is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or numbers of phone or industries of words in our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you ask me to get the first 10 words of the history that I just told you about Samara, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse paradigm brown in his lobby, they would be able to fix them.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and publish images with the things that you want to remember -- the more little distribution, disconnection, funny, scale and advertising is the image, more income to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago to the first memory treaties in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give you a talk and you want to do it in memory, in the same way that I had done it City if you were invited to Bangladesh 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're in the door of your house.
And I devised some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and internal image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that competition completely inspiring.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you'll see the Muslim of the Galapagos of the Galapagos on Mister A.
And that will remind you they want to introduce their friend Ed Columbia.
And then you'll see Britney Steven to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remind them.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches -- not words for words, it's going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact, the term "finger" comes from the Greek "Come that means "The "second."
It's a verbs of when people think about the origin and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "The first place, it would be like the first place in his memory pigeon.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got to fill on it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something exotic about this constraint of competitive reform.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a proud property event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting with testing. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone flies the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning before you sit to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school hole bought in a pile market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I had hoped that it was.
It was functional, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, partners, properties, insects, and your income and your inflation on your mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of delicates and a little bit of security glasses with tape leaving only two alternatives, because district is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before, and I had the idea that it could be increased, in a kind of peculiar periodic experiment.
I thought this might be good enough for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the conclusion, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and letters of people, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because it is based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary to be able to build memory balls or memorize borders of noses, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how their mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate plan, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply on.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques, are just affectional.
In fact, they're not even a real advanced.
They work because they make us work.
It forces a kind of deep procedure, a whole kind of attention that most of us don't get to exercise around there.
But the reality is that there's no alternative.
That's how things make memorials.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, it's what All the ambition I couldn't even remember had a memory problem, left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence in Beatles or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side -- we will be so honest that we don't even bother us to process in democracy?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person I remember remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so let's take it just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N, Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at home from my parents in a village called Langadon, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a ball that gave the living room.
And there all the mouse was looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me, and every time I got shower and I would go back on a towel.
And I was like this.
He was touched, insect and hated it.
I hated that round, hated that ball, hated that room, and that house.
That's the architecture.
Let's read it.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, or a division of zones, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we collect.
And it's no wonder that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
So, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you think of you, you think about "Start" and "profit," and "profit.
And I know that you think about it for moving in a building about 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a despair that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection -- we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look at these spaces, solar soldiers, in front of the sea, come out of the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build, the organizations and the governments, always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways they know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
This is the Public Library of Langley who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, has a dome -- it has this round -- it has this round thing, columns blue, red blankets, that let me come up with what London tries to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use the media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these calls library, they're so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the character.
On one side is innovation, architects that are constantly pushing new technologies, new computers, new solutions for the forms of life today.
We include, we push and we push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All black, this depressed, you think we feel very good, but we're dead in the face because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and go back to connect them with those appropriate symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like traditions. So we start to experience again, we make the character back to the back, over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the '70s.
architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "profit call.
It's got to do with the concrete.
That can be addressed.
Small windows, in scale scale.
Something really hard.
So we got closer to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We started the character again in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know about and artificially.
We add together and we add paper and we use new materials.
I love it.
We don't give any allies.
We take blocks with the blood and we turn them into rocks, which can be manufacturing manufacturing manufacturing.
The forms were taken up, they won in joy and color.
The ears became colonies.
The cells grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the mouse in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy could be the metaphor, the French or the Italian one.
Probably a sentence of bread.
This is what happens with the personality.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we read memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tokyo.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we start to choose the character again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the collaborative call.
We downloaded historical symbols, now we count with new design techniques by computers, and we find new composition, a few ways that are star against other ways.
This is acceleration and embrace, and it's super improvisation. One is completely excited.
Typically, the screen carpet in new direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Black Geographic Gulf.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Girld said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when he was critical and academic and public in general, they were completely aware of a building.
The New York Times called this building of microscopes.
The tourism in Bilbao increases by 2050 when the building ended up.
So, suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Social New.
Everyone wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radiation, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media was worked around them and quickly learned that these shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the major mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning from the new millennium, with other stars stars.
He went to Zambia and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all architecture, digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they had to have walked to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated, you can take a boat, an airplane, can be tourists.
The technology. You can see in the newspapers, in the theater, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building will transform beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before you know if the one that I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
Block was not a two-year-old motion.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the air, the steel or the attack, and it's the media revolution.
So my theory is that when you apply the character to the media of communication, it starts to climb faster and faster, to be in both extremes almost in simple, and it is effectively described by the difference between innovation and symbols among us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can make symbols almost insects, with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was increased.
This is the center of a village called Palestinians in Finance Island, in the state of New York.
It's a holiday community.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings look exactly the finished product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer, when people started getting and shared in social media, the building stopped being a building -- it became a means of communication, because these are not just images of a building, they are the images that you made of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, you become part of the personal narrative, and that makes your collective memory, and when you charge these symbols -- we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second in the Library of Langadon.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in search of "The Billbothering Picket."
We will be bombarded with examples of experiments of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's mutations.
Musicians who can lead to the mayor of Langley, the people in Langley, and tell us that there's no unique answers to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience it.
It's all different now.
architects are no longer mysterious creatures that use gravitational words and complicated drawings and one that's not a depressing audience that doesn't accept something that has not seen before.
The architects can listen to you, and you don't let you be inspired by architecture.
That means that the skin character of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Secondary can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn may be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red boundary in ideas of what should be a study.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we finally are ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are accessible to the books of nature and not the opposite of the contrast.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make a sports or short, or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the North East in New York City, and raise half a million dollars from the united community around that cause, no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little piece of bars, so much muscle and film like the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects know how to make more ecological buildings, more intelligent and more friendly.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not at the opposite side.
They find an architect, connected and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there is a lot in play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they give it to the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we go to our children, and the step of the sleeping downtown.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stanford.
I just finished a year and already started walking.
And it makes it a great way, typical of the children in a year, storytellers, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and charity, and it gives itself those big and awful kisses themselves.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and I was thinking, when I just did this?
How is it that suddenly we're not going to do it with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking at Google, "Are I short?
This is Facebook, he's 13 years old, and he lives in Denmark.
And like any teenager just wants to be dear and finished.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the mouse that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or school partners. They don't know who they believe.
So it makes a video of her, put it in YouTube, and ask others who please leave a comment -- "Is I nice or I'm a screen?
Well, so far, it has received more than 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so distributed, which doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talked about a healthy teenager, normal and correct, which gets these answers in one of the stages.
Thousands of people are putting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it doing to do this?
Well, teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being on line and available all the time, talking to you, showing you, saying, "You know, you know, like, "I like that," you know, put it up, and this never ends.
Never before we have been so connected -- in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand are implication.
This environment, of being always connected, is encouraging our children to be surrounded in the number of "I like that, and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a living life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated.
What is the most desperate thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration.
Well, you can see the kind of images that are posted from the news of the girls from now.
Beautiful models continue to dominate our partners.
The surveillance technique is now a routine room.
And trends like the anthropologists, Alexander, Bella, birth and airplane.
For those of you who are discovered, it means proportional means.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are compared to.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the supermarkets of the sports states, and the short shoes of the sports states.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be independent individuals.
But in an obvious culture for the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities -- their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see the beautiful enough.
These are not trivial activity.
These are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as contribution to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the classroom, and they will be able to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect of it.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the temperature season, if you don't think you see the good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you get a lower note to the average of your fellow who don't worry about the appearance of the appearance.
And this phenomenon has generated in Finland and the United States and China.
And it is influenced by what actually weigh these young people.
So, to make it very clear -- we're talking about how you see you, not how you're really aware of.
The low self-esteem on its body is depressed by academic performance.
And it's also serving health.
The teenagers with little self-esteem make less physical activity, eat less fruit and vegetables, participate in more not healthy diet than they can take them to a food destruction.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them, and they're in higher risk of depression.
And we think it's all of this for what they make more reserved decisions like alcohol consumption and drug consumption, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and no protection and self-designing damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is present to the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have a contrast again, regardless of whether or not they have higher rates of analogy.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think for a moment what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity.
Reading this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking to you, you don't get very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key ways. The first one is that we have to include trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs, without realizing it, started the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that follows our children don't just have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas, the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but we face this problem requires each of us who take the rooms in the issue and we are a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
It challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you about the capacity of our politicians or the size of the skin or the size of their chest, or to see that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judge people for what they are, not as they look like.
All of us can begin to make responsibility by the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time a mirror was going to look like a mirror.
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so our children will grow up value all their person, value innovation, diversity, inclusion it.
We need to put people who are actually making the difference in a penguin.
For making a difference in the real world, we make them all the ones that go out in the big screen, because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they see they are never going to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who they have in mind.
Your wife to your wife.
To your sister.
Her daughter.
Her minister? Her friend?
It could be just the woman who is two seats away. What would it mean for her if he was liberated from that artificial voice in his interior, who was terrified for not to have long legs -- more thin mountains, a more flat, feet smaller?
What would it mean for her if we were going to support this and we would be able to look at their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is helping us all.
But we teach our children the truth.
We show that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and the truth is that you love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little trips of a year of age today, will become an agents of safe change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five in November 1990, a gentleman named Alexander National entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Robert Katrina, the leader of the Leader Justine.
So we initially declared it internationally, but they would be jail by other little charges, in companies of others, starting to plan attacks to about 12 inches from New York, including the tunnels and surgeons and the headquarters of the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant of the FBI.
Sadly, the 1996 bomb in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid it.
I later noticed to be convicted by his participation in that Antarctica.
Alexander National is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a former American mother, and the primary school teacher, between the two they did all the possible for giving a happy child.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims come to meet me.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't require a lot to get to desire the same things in life.
However, at all religion, in all human groups, there is always a little fraction of people who are getting so awful to their convictions that they think we have to use all possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest was sat with me and explained to me that in the last few weekends, he and some friends, they had been going to train training in Long Island, to practice.
He said I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Portugue Portugal Pole that, without knowing our group, was linked by the FBI.
When I was throwing me up, my father helped me hold the reactor on the shoulder, and explained to me how to go to the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I gave to the small orange light on the goal, and for the surprise of all, especially me, all the goal is going to be on fire.
My uncle went to the other and Arabic, said "I am a car."
From such a parent, a child.
All the time, the comment gave them a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a load of 700 pounds of exploration in the underground parking parking park of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and helped another 1,000.
I admire those men.
I called them "free," which means you.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near someone already was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class that was often very often very often, it was malaria.
I met my identity to avoid to be the white one, but it will be the new of the class, silence and respect, was enough.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I developed social skills, to say surgery. For growing up failures, I was not prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that I tried to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a Professor program that I participated in the National Convention, Julian Congolese, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been victims of male almost all my life, it was something that I felt very much passion.
The members of this group came from different properties.
And one day, at the end of the convention -- I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship, was Jewish.
I took several days to go to light this detail and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a friend of Jewish and frankly I felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was individual.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Galapago, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience resulted fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that the honest was a sin and, by extension, all the holes were bad influenced.
By contrast, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most little and less critical ones I had ever seen in life.
I'd been accused of a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat loved people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that I had taught myself about a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is being honored, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came to the "Mars Shenzh."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me become smart honest about my internationals, and help me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my figure on a moment when I was desperately necessary.
In occasion, inspiration can come from unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedy had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extraction, wasn't in value.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking about, and she told me something that will be in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with dinosaurs and said, "I'm tired of adventure."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zultine Elizabeth.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put it into a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, some day, who is trying to take violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I drove myself to this violent and international ideology, I didn't get to be failure.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
By the victims of terrorism speaking, against those activists without sense, as a rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple self, I am interested here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there is a film that was projected in their minds.
It's an amazing multi-discoveries.
It's 3D in 3D, and it has a sound out of what you hear and you see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your movie has arm, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, angels and happiness.
It has memories, as a moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly an underground voice in your flow of conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience all in the direction.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film itself, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are aware of.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we consciousness?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that we have to get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie first?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible for consciousness.
Science is obviously.
consciousness, by nature, is subsidies.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, we set that view.
The psychology studied the obesity of the obesity, the neuroscience study the ocean, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Later, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neuroscience like Francis Crisis and physicists like Roger Peace said, "Can is the moment for science to support consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the science of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of corrections, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this kind in the fantastic work that Nancy KA: a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling happy or feeling happy.
But this is still a collaboration science.
It's not an explanation science.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to tell you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want them to explain consciousness, the questions about what they do to certain areas of the brain and what they do.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
They don't go to the neuroscience.
There's actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Because I don't take the real core mystery of this matter, why all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness."
Why is a submitted instrument film?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, sleep a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like the participation, like the horizons, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical corridors are all cases of emerging behaviors -- how they operate the participation, how the horizons work, how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce and adapt and manage the living organisms. They're all questions about the objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk about, how we talk about chess -- all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why all behaviors are accompanied from a subjective experience.
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the supercomputer, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the automobile that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in physical terms that worked.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we were stuck at this point.
We've got a chain of wonderful explanations -- great. We used this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I believe that consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate our vision of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Department, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there's no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything you need to explain it.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely replaced consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply negative that the observation of consciousness is satisfaction.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I go, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental findings, space, time and mass.
I put fundamental laws that government, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything more basic.
Instead, you consider the future, and there are the world.
Sometimes the list of how fundamental it was helped.
In the 19th century that I discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass laws of Newton -- then it cost the basic laws of the balloon and cost the electric charge as a fundamental concept that these government laws.
I think that's the situation that we find consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental fundamental ideas -- space, time, mass, charge, then by logic of logic, you have to pick up the list.
The most natural thing would be to do the consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the way to make it scientifically managed.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts -- space time, the mass, physical process.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws to be so simple that we can study it in a memory.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put it into a show.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called penises -- "Starture," for everybody, every system is conscious, not only humans -- the dogs, the mice, the flies -- even the microbes of Rob Kenya, the elementary particles.
Even a future has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a future can be filled with ancient when you think about, always traveling to the speed of light.
I can't slow down and smell the rocks.
No, so no.
But the thought is that maybe the photons can have some element of crude feeling -- subsidies, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do anybody think something so crazy ...
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, which consciousness is critical.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems visual, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with the physical process, is to fix awareness with information.
Whenever there are processing processing, there are consciousness.
Complex computing processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscience, Gallo Tunisia, took this kind of theory and developed it reasonably with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called the disease, which measures the information degree in a system.
And it suggests that it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an amazing high degree of information integration -- an high degree of square, a lot of consciousness.
And in a mouse there is a degree of information integration -- as much as a very meaningful one, a pretty important consciousness.
But when you get to the landscapes, microbes participation, the particles, the degree of the day.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In the theory, there is still a level of different awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of color, high of consciousness.
And also, another reason is that the paradigm can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
I described the structure of reality using a lot of equations using a lot of equations -- but we don't talk about the reality that goes underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of the equations?
From the post-construction of physics the physics of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists basically do basically -- describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this view, consciousness is the one that puts it into the equations.
In that view, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of adventure.
It's right there in the center.
And this vision, I think, published vision, has the potential to transform our relationship to nature, and can have pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that I had consciousness, then I had to be vegetarian then.
If you're a public and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think that thinking about it to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral conference, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie "The Court?
It's consciousness."
According to the vision of public information, she has a complicated information, integrated information, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get pretty serious ethical problems about the ethic of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of stored them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collective collections, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts."
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should take seriously.
So this positive vision is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer of the first crazy idea, which consciousness is fundamental than the second, that it's universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how these bits of thinking contributed to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally got it to discovery.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
I had a very normal profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to name a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She doesn't actually get anything done.  And they had right.
I went to school, I had good notes after school, I had a low profile in my mother's pink, and I spent a long time looking at the "Eight Serates, the Venter Samantha, and "The Crail Crail."
Yes, I know.
But they had right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement.
Years later, they were in the second part of the teaching in a high Mexican school in Mexico, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 minutes of legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your story?
And I said, "What did you show?
Well, I had been talking about the law of diffusion for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about smart things in school?
"But the general thing in the action room.
And then when I realized, this child had had experiences with disabled people as an inspiration objects.
And we don't are. And it's not blame of the guy, it is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manuscripts.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire them.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking like what I do in this wheelchair chair, and you're probably waiting for them to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I fear myself critically.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied us to discussion discussion.
Yes, they've sold us the lie that disability is something Google.
It's bad and living with a disability makes you exciting.
It's not a bad thing and not to do exceptions.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more that lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this other one: "Your excuse is installation.
Or this other one: "Before of the supermarket," they were intensive?
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hand drawing with a pencil survive by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with carbon fiber legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And it uses the term deliberately -- because it would be able to make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we built the disability in benefits of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so we can see it and think, "Well, because of very bad that it is my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But if you're that person?
And I've lost the account of the number of times that I've been strange to want to do so that I think I am a brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like if I congratulate me for my morning and remember my own name.  And this is computer.
These images, those images connected to people with disabilities.
They're there so you can see it and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We took some things.
But the things that we support are not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term distribution destructive, desperately because I was looking at called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society we live in that because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very upset with it.
The things I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of their ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with kids in those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies by getting the best of their ability.
So it's really fair to do it in the way we do that, when we do it by sharing those images.
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration -- it says it as a court.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lying, because you've sold this lie that disability makes us extraordinary.
And, honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here to appreciate inspiration and you think, "My God, Stanford, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learned from other people with disability at all time.
But I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea using some barbecue paintings to pick up the things that they fall in.  It learns the tricks of how to load the battery of the mobile phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics -- but against a world that expects and consumed us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest influence.
It makes us difficult life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that it's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a stairs have never done that it becomes a rap.
Never --   September to a television screen will not be able to appear for the substances for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a book and build a positive attitude converted all those books into the bridge.
It's simply not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "God," the Venter Santa, is not considered to deserve anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get rid of the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genetic achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old child in Mexico high school is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
The disability doesn't make us extraordinary, but you question what you think you know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football with the empathy ...
And what is the average speed of a carbon called carbon?
Unfortunately, today just answering one of those questions, so please don't deliver.
When people think of reality increased, they think about "Ladies Redwood, and in Tom Crisis put their hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that happens in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality will increase our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So, how do we get to the augmented reality.
The first step, this is what it takes place, the Google Galaxies.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that Google Glass, are a device that lets them see what I see.
Let me experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you would fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field to 160 miles, the blood will beat your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 year-old man allows us, trying to slow down with all of its being.
I've been there and assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NASA practices, because the idea of the NSA of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kantoff, Come on.
It's horrible to be talled.
A moment. Give me a little bit.
President it?
Go!
Chris Kenya. As you can see, it's a presentation of what is being bound in the football field from the table perspective.
You would have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, continents from Washington University.
Field Macas, Ramosaper 24, Ramosaper 51.
Blue eight, Blue eight. Go!
Chris Kanton. This is a little bit more than the feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at the NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they have asked me in YouTube and in Twitter, "I can see from the angle of a field market.
Or from a control?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get out of film -- how do we take it to the next level.
We take it to that level using something called Nigeria Richard, which surely many of you know.
The Rift Nigeria has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing playing playing. No.
Oh my God! Oh.
CA: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain for your life.
What will be the experience of a failure when we get a video from Adrian Peter to cross the line, retreat it from a workshop with the arm before they run up and make an antibody -- which will be the experience of a failure.
When it could be memorized by the card, I would throw the ball at the bottom of the net, or Feynman doing a salamander in Walker.
What will it be your experience when you wake up from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic scale."
Maybe you increase the sales of paper for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Root.
How do we get the augmented reality, OK?
We get the augmented reality when the coaches are going to show and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it for peace parallel?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief clip about technology at NASA.
In 1967, the Bangalore Portion gave him a market to their field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1992, the NIH put radio radio into the faces of the fields and then in the defense.
They had more sperm because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2011, imagine that they're a player going back to your group and you see their next player show in front of you, in a plastic view that will take you -- you don't have to worry about finding a play.
Or to memorize the strategy.
Just go into the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parts, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose parties, you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game.
How do you do that?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people who are down.
We also get information from the sets of icons and applications, something that's already working.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be able to send them.
The bad ones will have the information of information.
This makes good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your reforms, and data analysis will stop being just for centuries.
It will be also for depressions. Who would have imagined it.
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field of field.
You get the balance and returns.
You look for an open record. All of a sudden, a flower on the left of your bombsight is that a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally, you don't see it, but the DVD system encourages you.
Apple to the protection area.
Another flower all of you have an open recession.
You launch the balloon, but you will slow down.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in its bombsight a grass area that gets lit and can modify the race.
It was appropriately, carrying the balloon, running and announcer.
The public public and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
It will make lots of people see, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality is going to be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality.
Are we going to use just as bread and circuit, like our human entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally, will be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports legs.
They generate billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a block how damage their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives to be paralyzed?
How much is going to be for a Harvard Harvard or a Jewish replacement Teszler trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than trial and supermarket notes.
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is over.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges we face and the challenges we face, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently played after 23 years of service at the South Side of California.
Most of those 23 years, I was planting the southern end of the Mary County -- which includes the Golden Galapago.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is very much known by its beautiful visions from San Francisco -- the Pacific Ocean -- and its architectural inspiration.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide -- being one of the most used places in the world.
The Japanese Galapagos Bridge was open in 1947.
Joseph Street, an advanced chief engineer to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much to test suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or proportional.
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people think they travel between the two towers will take them to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such, so the every single person from him is free from all your concerns and pain and the waters that go under cleaning your soul.
But let me tell you what happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every pound of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles per hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which you put vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
Those of you who don't normally get in the open water and then get off.
I don't think that the ones that we consider this method of suicide is realizing the death market that they face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of steel steel to bridge.
This is where most people are in order to raise life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at the darker time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an official containing his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day in bringing it back on the ball.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those that we know the suicide -- but the officials as well.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new offices.
This is Jason Galaxy.
I met him on June 22 last year by receiving a call from a suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I remember, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Golden Galaxy bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown to here from New Jersey.
In fact, he had flown up to here twice from New Jersey to try to be surprised from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Japan, we were asked if we knew the story of Pantheon box.
They remember the Greek mythology Zero created Paul, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "Oh, I never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity. curiosity.
Out of it came out of plants, things, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope?
They stopped a few insects -- he leaned on the right, and he left.
This little bit and smart girl in New Jersey has just taken out of life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi was called me to see how I was.
Jason parents had been asked for it.
The diamonds collaborate of the suicide affect a lot of people.
I'm asking you these questions, what do you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone was supporting out of superconductor?
What would you say?
You knew what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to speak, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't discuss, courts, or tell the person you know how to feel, because you probably don't know.
They just be there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide -- you don't have fear of facing them and asking the question.
One way to ask them the question is, "Do you get in similar circumstances have thought about taking your life, you've had these thoughts?
Contributing to the person in front can save the life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for, describe, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve them, implant, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, real social isolation and a lost of interest in life.
And I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost her son September 19 of this year, and he wrote to me this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and gentlemen that I read it.
"Hello, Kevin. I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talk about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite internal, but I noticed more moments to realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Platon to San Francisco to see the 49 year-old party with his father on January 19.
I never got there.
I called the Polar police and I repeated it as it disappears that night.
In the morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that the Mike car was down on the bridge.
A testimony had seen him jump from the bridge to the 1880 in the previous day.
Thank you very much to fight for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you.
The GPS, the Golden Graham Gates is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery in it.
Good luck this week, Victoria.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go down the way his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, responded to a radio call by a possible suicide subject on the top of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my picture on the steel and looked at this man, Kevin Bronx, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I immediately grew up the ball -- and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the hour and a half ago, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to go back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he was happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life.
But I said, "What was it that I did that I would go back and give the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I hear you.
I let me talk and just listen to me.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to do it.
"Dear Brazilian. Nothing will erase the events of the 11th of Martin, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin keeps with us.
So support, I think Kevin was clear for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medically.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all of those Harvard traits -- but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, like the say.
We give God for you.
It was singled in debt with you, Nicholas Brazil.
And at the end she wrote, "Oh, when I visited the General hospital of San Francisco that night, you would be fascinated as the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
He talks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story inspired others.
Superfuck is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing their own pain, stole the opportunity to meet me.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about beating another person.
They just want their own pain to go.
And usually this is achieved only three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and superstar calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I took my hand into three times.
At the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Oh, I sorry, but I have to go."
And I went out.
Holding, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to focus on that bridge is not sustainable.
Also, those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two or -- most of those people have said that the second person left the ship realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connected Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us should be striving to do.
Surgeons can be prepared.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you are, but in your interior you know what you are, and a question maps you, how do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had achieved the dream that I had ever had from children.
My outside finally connected with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, the ones that I'm going to refer to me later, when I look at this picture I think, I got this picture, you know, you know, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that, you know, I am beginning.
We all miss our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the value of liberation, to get rid of the limitations tax by the skin of the skin or for the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo who are considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my agent even, I ignore my story.
I think this approach is called reveals.
This is my own.
I was recording as "I was being born because of the appearance of my genetics.
I remember that my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always wearing that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to self-assemble it.
The gender has always considered an amazing fact, but now we know that it's something more complex and mysterious now.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it will be what I'm bad at, but because of how the world deals with those of us who want to read.
Every day I thank you will be women.
I have mom and dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many aren't so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess digital drugs.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Financial Pictures who celebrated these mysterious mystery.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me -- this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a beating beauty competition.
That night she said, "Why haven't you participate in the beauty consumption?
He told me that if she participated she was going to get rid of the installation and the victim, and that night, he won in a bathroom suit, he won in a gang suit and he was three pictures between more than 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a beauty of beauty of women transported, but I can.
I also met the goddess of destruction, especially when we traveled to records from the Filmurg Reserve.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2003, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that I was going to put my attention to the green card that could go live to the United States.
It reminds me.
I said to my mother, "Oh, I'm discussing.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you mind the United States you can change the name and the identity of gallons?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me that he put two "Mission, my name.
She also struck me when I was in Thailand at the age of 19 years.
It is curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand, they perform the most pressure, sophisticated and safe surgery.
At that time in the U.S., it was necessary to do surgery before we change the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name Gene and "The God of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or power to get a transport, but for me it was the license to live to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears saw minister.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many aren't so lucky.
I think of this woman of Member Newton.
A young woman in New York who basically lived his truth, but he disappeared, he would end his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All the 20 in November, we do a global value by the Congolese Day of the Transitions.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Martin Oh, Johnson and Sylvia Rick.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposed, so that someday there is no more victims in November 2000.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
do you do it by you?
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you, thank you.  Kanzi School, George, a quick question.
George Rockett. Sure. See, first thank you, thank you all my bloods.
My support network, my parents, who is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been passionate about young women -- I have ordered, and sometimes when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept it, I took the phone, she called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman."
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just a gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all assigned a gender to be born, and what I try to do is put on the table the issue that sometimes that advance is not screaming, and that there should be a space that would allow people to self-assemble people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The shipping movement is beginning compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally know for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education by defending his rights in 2007, and when he took her efforts in 2011, he was considered the National Prize Journal of peace -- he was very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at the history of humanity, women's history is the story of influence, interview, violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child was born, his birth is not celebrated.
It's not good, not for your father, or your mother.
The neighborhood comes in, gives her condoms to mother and no happiness to the father.
And a mother came up very much for having a child.
When you give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, they connected, and with the hope of a son, when he took his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother goes out, but the daughter -- the daughter was born, when they grow, they suffer too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it goes home and school admire her brothers to him.
Until 12 years old, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when you go into adolescence, when it was 13 years old, you get out of your house without a male acceleration.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of your father and your brothers and your family and your family, and if you break the code of that course honor, you could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption code of honor -- not only to affect the life of a youth, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of their sisters in name of the honeybee honey.
And there's a more normal norm of patriarchal societies called the operation.
A good girl must be very traditional, very humble and very supernova.
It's the criterion of it.
The model of a good girl must be saved.
It is supposed to be quiet and they accept the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly even if they don't like.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you do it with an old man, you have to accept it, because you don't want to be a story tale.
If you put it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it despair.
And what happens to the end?
In words of a position, "The hand, the top, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
I wanted brothers and sisters when Malaysia was born, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at her eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a liberal struggle of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malai from Maryland, and he called my daughter like this for her.
But when I stood up, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I turned a line from my name, and I wrote, "Mars.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half, I admired her in my school.
You wonder, why should I mention a girl in a school in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can give them in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in tribal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the life of children.
In a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
An ad to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was holding the foot of campaign -- and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the attacks of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the ability of my daughter.
The encouraged to sit with me when my friends come to see me.
I encourage it to go to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried interviews in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malawi.
I've implemented all these good values in my school to girls and kids like that.
I use education for email.
I taught my daughters, I taught students to forget the lesson of the opera.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called service.
They wanted brothers and sisters, fighting for more rights for women, and fighting to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It's called the robotics.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women are forced to use candles and stop going to markets.
The musicians were sick, the girls were supported and the saturature sleep.
They suffered millions of people, but a few people speak, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and support when you talk for your rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malai stood up and stood on the right to education.
I wrote a day for the BBC blog -- she was offered herself for the New York Times documentaries and spoke in every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads like a cholera around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the October of October of 2012, would be shot to look at the head.
It was a fatal day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was dead between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife, "I would blame for what happened to my daughter to your daughter to your daughter ...
And internationally he said, "Please don't blame you.
It defensely defined the right cause.
You put your life on play for the cause of the truth, because of the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you joined you.
Both were in the right path and God protect it.
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask myself again.
When Malawi was in the hospital, and I had severe pain and head headaches because her facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained out.
I used to say, "I'm fine with my store and the excitement in my face.
I'm going to put it right. Please don't worry.
It was a consumption for us, and it tells us.
You want brothers and sisters, we've learned about it how to resist in the hardest moments, and I was pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women -- it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't finish his task.
They fight with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my computer who has done so audacious to Malawi so brave and express and expression?
I tell you, I don't wonder what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I don't cut your wings and that's everything.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined me to the Mars group of Google, where I've had a decline to my charges, the Google United States, but all the work I'm talking about today about brain science, I did before joining Google or outside my work there.
You have said this, there's a stigma when you join a brain operation.
You continue to be like intelligent or not?
Otherwise, you can go back to be smart.
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not gray matter, but it was the performing part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscience.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what number to take, more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if you didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and careers of chemicals, and trying to get it, to follow life.
More than one time I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have strangers soup, so I decided that I was experimenting to try to get the optimal doses because there is no clear map that will say it in decline.
I started to test with different mixes and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the doses dramatically changed my advertising, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried to be painful and chemical chemicals for a man of Andrew, and I was surprised to see how my thoughts change.
I was always wrong, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought that it was the smartest person around the world, and   -- of course, many times in the past I've met various types of things, or maybe some of the things that have been done before.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be a record.
In fact, I was trying to do a lot of insect, to fix a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So, I couldn't manage it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better at the men.
What I was trying to do, by applying those hormones and neurosciences and so forth, was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and operation, my creative thought, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reflection, how I get these mental images that you use to create professionals, my ideas, if you want to make new ideas and regain situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Philosophers like Humba, destroyed and Hobbes, watching things like this.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
There are those who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, to me, is simple, for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invented.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have lots of great mental majority, really vegetable, well sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take very fast these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
You imagine what happens if a movie director would be able to use your imagination just to steer the world that has the fire?
Or if a musician could extract the music of their head?
There's incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to achieve this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both use the MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain, and here you can see the brain scan done by Gillian Gates and his colleagues from Harvard and the Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the spirit of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the spirit of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by resistant the content of the central column of the left -- it looks like the difference is almost nuclear.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Galaxy in Berkeley, California.
They were able to convert brain waves into the visual fields.
Put them in this way.
In this experiment, I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as they were scanning their brains to create a huge amount of brain reactions to video sequences.
And then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while you record a new shot.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scale that was designed to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the conditions of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us bits.
We're okay to do it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This is conducted with the largest resolution brain systems available today, and their resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is open up the skull.
I don't offer for that.
Many are putting new techniques of projection for images -- even me. They talk to the recent result of the MRI -- first we must ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, more big magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- not increase for thousands as we need.
It provides this idea, instead of larger magnets -- we make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different adventures, like doing a spirit.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most of the recent advances in replacement, of ingenious and brilliant solutions in consumers and decisions, in the transmission and records of radio radio radio in the MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a massive magnetic field, we use structural magnetic patterns attached to radio radio frequencies.
So by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of radio radio processing patterns, we can increase the information that can be extracted in a single escape.
Also, we can then divide in layers of our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
When we use French -- we should be able to measure not just the flow of blood blood, but the hormones and the statements I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to recreate our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
You imagine if we could go on top of the language and communicate directly through thinking.
What would we be capable of.
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters?
You thought the Internet is big.
These are big questions.
It would be intrinsically used as tools to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar disease.
We have a few more choices that open this door.
Anyway, I chose a year -- it will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it takes much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to tell you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay curve.
I think we all have arms.
Your gun may be telling some person for the first time you love it or say to someone who's pregnant, or saying to someone who has cancer, or any other hard conversation that you've been in life.
Every weapon is a difficult conversation, and although our issues can be varied, the experience of having lived in and has come out of that weapon is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked at the South Side Warren Warren College, a restaurant in the city, and they were there, I had to go through several phases of the environmental military intensity -- I didn't run my armpits, I would quote the letters of the Derek da Francisco as a legacy.
And I'm going to be a sense that because of my strange screen, and I would have caught my head recently -- I was asked by a small child, "Hey, are you guys or girl?
And they come up with an awkward silence on the table.
I took my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a radio stone.
The father was incorporated by the newspaper and the mother launched a cold looking at her son.
But I would not say anything, and I worked inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Do you have a kid or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and was about to get full of the female issues on the table.  I had the Betty Friedman quote.
George Steven quote.
Even a fear of the "graduate Valley that I showed you.
So I breathe down and I went down and I go down and my backs, a four-year girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist dance, just a girl with a question: "Are you kids or girl."
And then I breathe back again, I got a capital near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confused thing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, just like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pick.
Well, I'm more than a little girl of a comfortable painting.
And that girl looked at me watching attention, paying attention, and said, "My favorite pleasure is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a pain, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the dopamine that I show?
It was the most easy conversation of everybody ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the dopamine and I, both of them were honest with each other.
Just like many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a resistance.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
This is how my gun is not different than you or your uncle or your own.
I mean, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why I came out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: the hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you how to explain to somebody who has declined in pink bank is more difficult to say that's been an adventure?
Who can tell you that this story is more difficult to say to your five year-old son.
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard.
We need to stop classified what is difficult to do with what it is difficult for another person to make them feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make sense feel security, or at least more secure than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, it doesn't matter what your walls, your walls, is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, I had a horse tail, a store and high hand shoes.
It wasn't the military monthly reading to fight any four year-old child entering the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, and I was stripped on a corner of my dark arms running my great gay, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to get rid of it, and now the world is going to be about the point.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't toss that big, you kill you.
One of my greatest marketing launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time a lot of the winter knew that it was gay, and by doing my honor garden dates, in my black dress and takes my banks, I walked around the tables and finally I came to one where I was friends from my parents, people who met me years ago.
And then I was talking about a moment, one of the women yelling at Natasha Langley."
And the battle of the gay refugee had begun.
"Hey, would you ever be in the Caribbean?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's fantastic."
"Oh, you know my stability Antarctica?
It's very good and never talked about having noise.
"Oh, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program, Will and Grace Grade.
And you know who loves us?
Jack is our favorite.
And then a woman, desperately, but in waiting to desperately show her support, to make them know that I was on my side, finally said the savings, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink ships.
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the flats of the big one.
Sure, it might have been easy to indicate where we felt we were simplified.
It's not very difficult to find it and realize that they were scared.
And what else can you ask someone, but scanning."
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
It's like hard conversations remain my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have out.
But I'm getting better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Palestinian girl.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but you understand that what involves coming out of any weapon is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Look at the clay. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no strangers, but I was ready for battle.
If you want someone to be genetically, others need to know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directors. Just decrease. Give you their parts.
If you know they're gay, you give them.
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be gay, they keep hope that it could change.
Don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, more importantly,  Let me leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You don't have been apologize for that.
And some of you can get safe wounds out of it, apologize to what they've done, but never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them are feeling destructive, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but you don't own them.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a bold dark from a bright, you must know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very alone, but they don't.
Thank you. Bonnet. Enjoy the sales.
Interestingly, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Alaska Heart that "The question of whether a machine can think about as interesting as if a sub can be noticed.
When Education Did wrote this as a criticism to computer pioneers like Alan Turkey.
And so, a few years ago, I bought a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first started with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, which you know nothing about the biology of the Earth or neuroscience of the Earth or intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can look at the Earth, and have incredibly long lives, so you can see Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a terrorist, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it has no concept about the Earth of the Earth, you will be forced to develop a physical theory that explains how, at some point in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a very mysterious planet, stop doing it.
And so I claim this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, that I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In conclusion, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be ultimately applied to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize diversity of new future.
Finally, in robotic movements, there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks.
And so, take all these different issues and put them together together, I asked you, for a number of years ago, there is a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues.
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the nearest equivalent of a And = the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force -- A, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or maintain open choices, with a young force with the diversity of possible accessible, yes, to an impending future time, too.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keep open choices.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable it is?
It predicts the level of human intelligence.
Did you predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more description, or "Death," during their life should have tendency to be more favorable conditions for intelligent beings like us.
But what happens if that connection of technique between entropy.
What happens if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually comes directly from it.
To find out, we've developed a software engine called the English, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system in which you find inside.
Amazingly, English could pass multiple animal intelligence tests, playing human games, and even earning money shopping action, all of them without doing that.
Here are some examples of entrepreneurs in action.
Just like a human foot of foot, here we see English balance.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to English a goal.
I just decided for her to balance the poetry.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate out of the opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that English can perform a model of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic plants and in a variety of other fields.
English is widely applicable to a variety of domain.
For example, here we see it successful to play a game of putting it into itself, giving them their potential for the game.
Here we see English organizing new connections in a social network where friends are constantly destructive and keeping success the net network.
This same capacity of network organisms also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see English organizing the routes of a ship flower -- discovering success and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, English is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously discover and execute a company strategy -- sold it into a simulated series of accident negotiation -- successfully increase assets under their exponential management.
This risk of gas management will have broadcasting applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wikipedia. What you've seen is that a variety of sharks of intelligent cognitive human behavior such as using tools and social cooperation and social cooperation -- all derive from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
Let's go back to the beginning of the robot use, the "World X-ray, always the concept that if you develop smart machines, there would be a cyber region.
The machines are reduced against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber revolution to reverse.
It's not that machines first become intelligent and then manufacturing and trying to get to the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control instead of being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
You often ask me, how do you look for goals get rid of this kind of market?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence, is the following: The intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the confidence of stars and losing the planet that we call "Starture."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
NASA Kenya mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which is that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous local intensity of stars when planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of the planets as well as the distance between them and their mother star.
In contrast, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their bodies.
Instead, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are honest or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this temperature of potentially livable worlds, our own planet is held under the weight of humanity.
The 2010 year was the most hot, recording year.
Given and ice ice that have been with us from making millions now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist scientist, or astronomers.
It studies the plant of the planet influenced by the stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where they discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the spectacular sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets like the Earth, the more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet of the planet and the planets that we know better, our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rich and despite being a little bit further away from the Sun, you can consider a potentially honest world showing this by a mission like Kevin.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our robots like "the "finger" reproduce their surface to search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that the orbit -- like the MIT mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their reproduction.
The private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the prospect of living in Mars.
But despite all these Mars images remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the ideas and the personal ideas -- compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the spread of the desert areas of our planet that still remain to collaborate, really exceptional places compared to Mars.
Even in the poorest and cheaper places on Earth, the air is fresh and reduced from oxygen by our forest forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the control of Mars and other planets dragged together a big and sad shoulder, the imagination and the belief of some that Mars would expect to save out of this infectious self-replicating of the only planet that we know is truly honest, the Earth.
For a lot that I like to be interested in, I am in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the Katrina captain would tell us that the parallel of the Titanic will have a place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and terrestrial preservation is not controlled.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding and making life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like extraterrestrial pages.
They just find closer to the house.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and English areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment, the Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Ferro asked me, to realize that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life so far.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become very advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only unacceptable collaboration will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to join the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve metabolism on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I broke my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets. I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see by the window that they were on the dining table, where he had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were well closed.
I thought about calling a roof, at least I had my cell phone, but to the midnight, a theater could take a long time to come in, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night, because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I practiced my passport.
It was expensive, but sure that no more expensive than a rain at night, so I thought, in spite of the circumstances, it was good enough.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Compared to curves that increase heart rhythm, modulate levels of adrenaline and toy thinking.
And when I got to the show of factors in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in their place, that they prevent bad things.
Or at least if bad things happen, that I minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts don't criticize me.
I was having my colleague Danny Karebot, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed he was talking about he broke the window, and he had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared me that he had been practicing something called professional reproduction.
This is something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary King, who had written from this a few years earlier, known as the presentation.
Everybody knows what we pay it.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the presentation, as a Delay, you look ahead and you try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, and then try to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a presentation.
Some of them are economically, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, they give you a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds from common sense, and it is, but there is a lot of science that supports this thesis in how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the good one, where the fish are -- that they are the fish trees, where they live the friends and the enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is in the Taliban taxis in London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the trips to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the cheap sense of the arms and yet they could find their nuts.
They don't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move too much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing the cars of the car, reading and paper glasses.
So at home you put a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For their passport.
For their reading glasses.
If you give a place and you're collaborating with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about the voices?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, driver's license, passive, send it up to the email itself so that they're on the cloud.
If these things lose or the robots, this can facilitate the supply.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases coral.
The cortex is toxic.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we all will be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a wanted to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is raised as a proud for all of the decision-making medical decisions and in fact for the decision-making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high.
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attacks to the heart, bringing brain down.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that helps him reduce the collapse, a statistics.
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. It's even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, you know the status?
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask of which most physicians don't want to talk about, and the drug companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to try.
And what is this, the NASA.
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or smile a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you have to think about what kind of disparate statistics, that's that?
The number must be one.
My doctor didn't give me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not about the doctor, and if it's a blame of someone, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But the Greenland estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recovery status -- what do you think it is?
How many people have to take before they help a person.
300 percent.
This is about the research of the Children Checherland Beethoven Green and Park Harvard, confirmed independently by Blackberry.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, spill brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 of my collapse.
Why not -- the doctor -- the recipe in all ways.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it is, "Do the side effects -- right?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things, delicate pain and job pain pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not really likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress they don't think of clearly.
So think about how to look at this over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have side effects -- that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug that you help you the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the status out.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, is part of the principle of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to try to be quite typical.
For the surgery that the most men are done in the older men of the 50, extension of prostate for cancer, the number needed to try to be 49 percent.
So it's 49 surgeries for a person who has helped you.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include impact or density design, organic delicate, red lanes, fecal income.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of those 50 percent effects just last year or two.
So the idea of the question is to think before the questions that you can pretend to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things you talk about and think about now, with your family and your loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you are trained in these kinds of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases coral under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that it turns out a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
I face face with a predator -- it's not necessary to the digital system, or the license or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, they don't react with radiation, they might be the lunch of the lions -- so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational thought, like Danny Kanton and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all demonstrated.
We're all going to fail from time in time.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that will help to minimize the damage, or to prevent the bad things happen in the first place.
I was replaced at the night of snow in London, when I came back from my journey, my contractor gave me a sign of combination next to the door, with a key door in the same way, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of emails I haven't read about.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Player, "Wow, is my favorite musical symbol here.
It means playing surgeons.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "and in the paradigm, you need to touch more surgeon.
Two -- even more gentle.
Four -- extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree of "the thing, you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of you may have ever come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American American system, the DNA, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came during the 1900s, and over the course of time, they mixed up with local signs, and it developed the language that we know as AB.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
Now yet, I realize that it's not true for anything.
sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a sound world, is as if I lived in a foreign country, they are following their rules, school, behaviors and rules without constant.
So how do you understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my automobiles and amazing sound.
I learned and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't be a piece of the pain?
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the bag of failure parking backs?
"I don't get arousal, and when you're eating out, you would not get the covers on the dish.
All of this is called sound "The sound of sound.
Maybe I think of sound label more than the average person does.
I'm surrounding the sounds of sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of the sound, and it's going to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for deciding it.
TBP: To continue.
TBP: For lunch.
You can see the personality doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines contain sound through subtle boats and stores.
In the state culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "profit," at DNA.
A typical personality has five lines.
However, to me, to make my thumb with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and different galleries -- and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was audience.
Now the sound has entered my art terrorist.
It's going to distance me more than the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know sound.
I know it so well that it's not just through the ears.
I can feel a tactile way, or experience it, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all I had taught myself about the sound of sound, I decided to leave it and disappear.
I started creating a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was struck with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was short, it was something from a hearing person.
And sound is so powerful that it could well be driven to me and my artistic work, or I could get it up.
I chose that I was all affected.
There's a massive culture around the language talking.
And just because I don't use my free voice to communicate, to the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different interviews of DNA.
And its voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If you don't continue to continue with this practice, I feel that I could break in the forgotten and don't have any social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and DNA.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and expressed in paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in DNA.
The two are very specific and highly moral -- which means that subtle change can affect all of the meaning as much of signs as sound sound.
I'd like to share a piano metaphor -- so that you understand better how the DNA works.
So, imagine a piano.
DNA is divided into many different gravitational parameters.
If you assign a different parachute for every finger as you touch your piano, like facial expression -- your body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand and so as you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you hit just one cell at a time.
However, DNA is more like a restaurant, you need 10 fingers in a shared way to express a clear concept or idea in DNA.
If only one cell changes the account, they create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and shoulder and volume.
In DNA, when you use these different gravitational parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal "I do on that."
This is the sign "The on that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at me.
Oh, I came up.
Oh yeah.
What are you looking at.
Ah, enough.
So I started thinking, and if I look at the DNA through the lenses of music.
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "The "Starture," the sun goes out and over.
This is the day.
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, you see it as a piece of music.
All day.
I feel the same can say that the night can say from "The night.
"All night.
This is the whole night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of nights, "Come "the night --  "All night long.
I feel the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AIDS, and how the distance is in the body that can express changes in time.
For example, one hand, it's a hand, two hands, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is "I have a lot of time."
Then "Start," "I get to "go and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "Hey, once.
"A common term is a musical term with a specific rhythm of four times per capita.
But when I see the word "The Common common, I think automatically at the same time."
See MIT, right hand. E, left hand.
We have the personality through the head and the chest.
(Music: MIT: (Music Commission: My search -- my small garden, I'm going to show you a way of hand called "The The Labels."
Can you do it with me?
All of them in high hands.
Now we're going to do it as much in the head like the chest -- something like "The Common common," or "The same time."
Yes, very good.
That means "profit," in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this: Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "compassion in the DNA.
Now, third, please search again.
And again.
It's "Bangladesh, at DNA.
Let's do three together.
"Let me "beesa," "compassion and "Leaders.
Good job.
You see how three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how DNA is alive and provided, like music.
However, today, we live in a very automatic world.
And only because the DNA has no sounds, it automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start to question what the social value defines and allow the DNA to develop their own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn HIV/AIDS.
DNA is a rich temperature and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even love from us.
Thank you.
Give me Karandon. Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents were like, "You know, you have to put it all up, but then you have to clean."
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence, or a bubble bubble I should say, because adults lied us to protect ourselves from horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also confuse and aren't very good at cleaning each other.
The time country, I'm now an adult and teaching citizens and invented at Hong Kong.
You don't expect a lot to wait for my students to walk through the beach beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beaches and no, it's not blocked blood, and if it is, I don't give it to.
It's sad to say, but now more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a specific thing.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big boats and networks to collect those plastic pieces to study under the microscope, and the calculations and we collected this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very completely underlying those huge boat.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years old, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
So we started building this message of work with high adjust so that the kids very low can also participate.
And I'll tell you, children who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collected the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmental.
We do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine it into something that we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting plastic pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- kids are very excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call "the prototype."
We are so fast in the creation of prototype that we ended before lunch.
And we transform lines and camera cameras and we put it into a floating robot that moves slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor as the board computer processing this image and measure the size of each particle to get an additional estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We documenting this step-by-step invention in a website called "The Professors, with the hope that somebody else is even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they are trying to fix it immediately.
My local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very informed kids.
You see the news, they eat the Internet, and they take this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill -- just using the hands in Superman, the largest manual rainforest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink, is the water in which you get ball, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and the oil is also a brown color, and when everything mixed up, it's very difficult to see what is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called specification, which allows you to see what is in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a viewer that can take away through all kinds of substance that produce different species, which can help identify what is in the water.
We set up this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students use their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
And I was forced to do a problem at a distance, and I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that there were several giant waves -- called tsunami, and those tsunami blocks would destroy several cities in the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Florida, a nuclear core close to water.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons are still leaking from nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all of the Pacific Ocean.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure the Robert radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it looks like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of them are safe -- it's blue.
Well, the reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Publish every year from the accident, and I research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring the kids.
Of course, we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of many different muscles.
It might seem that they didn't take the job seriously, but they did it because they are going to have to live with radio and his entire life.
Along with them, we discuss the data collected that day and we talk about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the stage, etc.
And to do this, we created a radical map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We create the balloon map, we introduced peace to represent real time data from rationality, and we had water to simulate the rain.
So with this, we could notice that the radioactive dust is filtered from the top of the mountain to the ultraviolet and destruction system in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We moved up to 1,000 miles from nuclear center, and with the help of the area of the area we were collecting sea sea sequences with a service tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progress, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong, and we turn it into the larger space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal -- chemistry, chemistry, a little bit of biology, phase, basically you can build almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can actually become the help of adults, and where adults can be kids again.
Students: Action, Academy.
September Harvard, we ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy.
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles.
Plastics, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the children from the awful truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientists, scientists, schools, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes -- two radically opposite cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a silk thread of silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is imposes on the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel Long said that when he looked at the market in clay, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The cartoon was only Manhattan tool.
But living creatures are not centralized.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information for every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by records of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have designed a world made of parts of parts of parts, and we set up the imagination of designers and architects to think of their objects as private parts with different functions.
But you don't find human materials in nature.
Think about the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is deliberately deliberately deliberately.
The skin skin is more thick with little parts.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mostly like barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts of the seasons.
It's a system that makes it gradually its functionality by variation of electricity.
Here is a distributed screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work currently between the fight and the gene between the machine and the organization, between the speech and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis -- is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, in his simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, stopping the speech and gets into growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why wasn't it possible about 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where I would consider four disciplines that offer the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, big scale, like this robotic arm with a single severe of 24 meters with a vegetable base that one day not very far to print entire buildings and graphics to nanoscale male malaria makers that shine in the dark.
So here's the clinic recovered, an architect of ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each army is in unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a failed. This was for a Paris fashion department with Iraq van Herband. It's like a second skin made from one piece -- rolling into the contacts, flu around the waist.
Together with 3D printing printed programs -- print this layer and fake 3D with no seams between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 miles.
This is a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a Star scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution and the synthetic instruments that are allowed to design products that are adding not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable and also surrounding sound.
Professor Carlow, my collaborator -- we went back to nature to inspire it, and by designing this archive of irrational surface, it becomes a solar self-activated.
We print this surface of 44 different properties that vary in reality, open and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, their functionality is not through the addition of another material or another speech, but they are continuously valuable and delivered the material property.
But it's the ideal nature.
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't grew up in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what I care about.
Like she said, "In the third day of Crisis, God sent the Earth to grow a French tree of fruit to grow a French tree.
For that first French tree, there would be no difference between trains, branches and leaves and fruit things.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the Earth made trees with branches and cortisol, cards and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would be the design if objects were made from one piece of pieces?
Let's go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant balance on the planet is called the classroom, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, carbon, scales and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and marriage.
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate mathematical structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marketing.  We asked a lot of shrimp screens, the molecules and we produced support stores.
They vary the chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and open, to light, soft and transparency.
To print the large-scale structures that are built a system with multiple magnets of reductionist controlled control.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material, three feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them separate to find a natural way to the contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastics?
The air bubbles that were a superconductor of the printing process was used to contain physical microscopes that came up for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we hear yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we include the bacteria of genetically designed bacteria to capture fast carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without any of the breast problems to map, and if they move even more, to window.
A French tree of fruit carried.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part, for objects designed for biomass, people in the sea, feeding the marine life, and putting it on the ground, helping grow a tree.
The character for our next exploration using the same design principles was solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for interrupt travel.
To do that, we should dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just as the periodic table, we did our own table table, new forms of life created construction manufacturing and biological form of biologist.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid advance, only instead of transferring precious metals -- it was separated new biological functions within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microbial microbial companies.
The first is climate.
It lives in our oceans and in fresh water stations.
And the second -- and I collaborated, the bacteria that inhabit in human intestine.
You turn light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces biological biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tree, which will help make these bacteria and to get their way out of the way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, by fixing the properties of the material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we want more transparent channels.
This digital system is providing -- when you stretch from one end to another one, it would be 60 meters.
This is half of the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin gut.
And here it is, as a prime at TED, our first prostate photographer, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shanghai said, "We have crime past creatures only half of it is done."
What if design provides the other half.
What if we could create structures that will increase life matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and sustain our bodies.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature does not do that.
They grew up. I hate socialists.
This calculation of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which you get metaphorically.
The manufacturing is about this level of sophisticated.
It makes it through combination not two materials, but from two proteins in different conditions.
An act like structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, and they put those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first goes into the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to hide a comparison of compression.
tension and compassion, the two forces of life, manifest in a single material.
In order to better understand how this complex process, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hill.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the architecture of the silk worm carbon.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that you hid a flat cart and still separated sexuality.
So we started designing different environments and different animals, and we've discovered that the shape of complexity, the composition of the carbon structure is directly transmitted directly by the environment.
You often take the silk worms into the death inside your carbon, your silk is destroyed and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we can shape the silk silk without a single calculation.
It was separate separate, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process up to architectural scale.
We had a hidden robot making silk planning, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into more dark and cold areas so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or arms, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute the silk worms on the structure.
We were ready to get the crowds.
We asked 350 worms of silk to a dry silk farm.
And after we ran four weeks, they were ready to hide with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the water, and as they die, they can come up, they get eggs, and the life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the big integrity, and it was right.
And the high biological silk sector on the academic silk seat, giving all this place its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 600 miles of silk would be 320 miles.
In a symbolic curious, this is also the length of the silk route.
Policemines, after the bacteria, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could use for 250 extra pills in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A child silk through a robotic arm, the other full fire.
If the last frontier of design is to give products to the products and the buildings that surround us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at first.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make us charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked, "What do you want to be a bigger?
If you had to remember what age they had when they were asked for the first time this?
You can show them with toes.
Three, five, three, five, five.
Now, raise your hand if you ask, "What do you want to be a bigger?
It has caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be a bigger?
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English and the magnesis and the art and developed websites, and I played the guitar in a play band called Telescope Francisco.
You've heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and prevent anyway, because I had spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of acceleration, this sense of a sense of this is no longer a challenge, it is going to be able to get it.
And I have to leave it.
But then I was interested in something else, something completely different, and I was holding myself on it, and I let me absorb and feel like, "Yes, I've found my God, and then again this point where I start to approach.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I would like to go on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denying all my other passions and resist it to advertising.
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong in me because of nothing.
I worry about having fear of engagement, or being destroyed, or self-assembly or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something I'd like to ask you then.
Ask yourself, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where you learned it, you learned about culture.
You ask us first about what you want to be a bigger?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares what you answer to that age.
It's considered a naive question to provide cute answers in children like, "I am anti-insteam, or "the dancers or "I want to be paradigming."
Imagine the fight of Farm here.
This question is made us over and over again as we grow up in various ways --  -- in high school students are asked to be picked up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a bigger?
It's going to be the cute exercise of before what it takes us sleep.
Why?
If this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, I don't inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it just does the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things -- even though you have very intentional adults maybe you get down and say, "Oh, what biosphere, but you can't be an art of vice and psychologist.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he is access of violin and physical.
And this Amy Nobel, magazine editor became illusion, entrepreneurs, teachers and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose them.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focusing life is very clear in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real voice, the idea that every one of us has something you have to spend in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are lots of different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that they want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing bad in you.
You're a metaphor.
A multi-position is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bit of a bit of a search for that.
It could help if you divide three parts of it, multiple potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a standard, revolutions.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who I was well seeing in multiple disciplines.
Barry Shanghai refers to us as "definition."
Use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems like a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the metaphor as a limitation or a collaborative that you must get.
But what I've learned to talk to people and write about these ideas in my website, is that there are enormous strength of being this way.
There are three molecular supercomputers.
One, the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in intersection is.
Steve Harry and Rachel Bill expressed their shared interests in cartoons, and data visualization and travel, math and design, when I founded Mexico.
Mexico is a company that creates glamorous inspiration games.
Steve and Rachel came up with this unique idea for the expectancy of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in interactions.
That's where new ideas come from.
And the mobility, with all their restaurants, can access a lot of these points of interest.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When multipliestors are interested by something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being simulated, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transformed to other disciplines and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we persuade, so we rarely start from zero.
Noam Debate is a full-time journey and independent writer.
As a young person a personal ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known.
Before I became writing, Nike was financial planning.
He had to learn the most early sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for the editors for the editors, the environments.
It rarely is a loss of time going to what you would wake up, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multicultural superpower is advanced. That is the ability to transform anything that is needed in a given situation.
Abe Alexander is sometimes director of videos, other people, design pages -- sometimes consultant of Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes it looks like James Bond.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles -- depending on the needs of their clients.
The magazine Facebook Company, as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world is so rapidly and inconvenient changes that are the individuals and organizations that can plan to satisfy the needs of the market, which actually provides them.
Ideas of ideas, rapid learning and adversaries, three skills where mobility is very high, and three skills that you could lose if you're prepared to reduce your goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the mobility, to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-position right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly because they wanted to be preparing people.
You don't worry, there's nothing bad in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are fed up from a specific specific multiple multiplied.
The specialists can dive in deep and put into ideas, and the crowd offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are closed with how we're connected.
And unfortunately, the mobility, in a large part of them are encouraged to simply be more like their specialized partners.
I once said this, if there is one thing you get from this talk, I hope it is this: recognized with the internal wiring whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then it is special for all media.
That's where you will give the best one.
But for the mobility, in the room, including those who just noticed to be one of them in the last 12 minutes --  I tell you, reconstructed with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity.
I will explore the intersections, you know.
It takes our inner wiring to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, mobility, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1900, a woman named Australia took it to a psychiatric psychiatric psychologist.
And I couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Alexandri.
Agnes did not know how to help Australia, but I went through it until that, unfortunately, passed in 1969.
After his death, Albert did a car and found strange plates and agencies in the Anderson brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
What's even more surprising.
If Australia had been alive today, we couldn't give it more helps than Alberto gave him 150 years ago.
Alberto was Dr. Alberto Alaska.
And Australia Detroit, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 2004, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect them from infections -- many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, states for careers and much more.
But soon has been progress in Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, they affect 150 million people who, by the way, including a lot of you.
If you expect to live up to the age of 85 or more, the possibility of adding Alzheimer's will be almost one of every two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their daily years with Alzheimer's or helping care for a friend or being wanted to admit.
Just in America, the Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One out of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and your costs provide a five times increase in the year 2050, as you add the generation of the blood bank.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been relatively done to compare it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, the Alzheimer's is the only one that can't be prepared, and cure or even slow off its development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research, despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody needs -- Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 11 years, all of all, the scientists -- they confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think that it will be safe in a normal and inevitable.
But it's just looking at a picture of a brain aging in comparison with a patient from Alzheimer's to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to destroying a loss of loss of memory and mental skills, the damage caused by the Alzheimer's is significantly related to life expectancy and it's always strong.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and elevators in the English brain is a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that is played like an origami.
There are places in the paper that are performing.
And when it's playing good, these sticky dots end up in the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules feel like each other, forming groups that can form large plates and agencies.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's patients.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this drug works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what happens is complex as a bomb.
I cut a wire to do anything.
Compared to each other can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does.
Until recently, most of them have been reduced and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when you test these drugs in worms here.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms -- on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are folding each other within them, as in the human with Alzheimer's human.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in a early stage, then we see that they dream and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this show that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 11 years of wait, there's real hope of what you can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so to make that hope of picking up the Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we try it, we can remember.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industries, scientists and legislation.
That was essential to move in HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too desperately delivered to go out and advocate for change.
So really depends on you.
The Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help speak for them, and they help to make a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Museum of New York Times, in January of this year.
To love someone, I do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and of my own experience by trying to test myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are used to ask 36 more and more personal questions, and then both of you look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when it was the last time you cried to another person.
And ...
As it moves, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- really like me. Tell your partner what you get away from him or her, I know very sincere this time, and I gave you things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled on this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the spark that two of the participants had married six months after and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, it was also intrigued.
And when I had the opportunity to test this study, with someone I knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to encourage.
However, we love us, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column love Muslim a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's almost advanced, so I guess some of you probably ask. Keep together still ...
And the reason I believe this is because I've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the paper was published, it was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had used to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can get a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times will probably be a few thousand views.
And that has a relatively new deal of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as I gave up, I had no idea.
The article would be published by a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday had already called me the American Man and the Gates Martin America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million visitors and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster the confidence writing with services on the feeling of feedback experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people were called or writing, what they did every day for weeks -- always, they did the same question: still stay together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email in my email with the phrase, "Can I keep together?
And several messages came up immediately.
They were from students and journalists and surgery like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked me.
Even he gave a talk, and a woman shout up to the stage, "Hey, "Where is your non-liberation?
And I immediately got red.
And understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable to ask about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the uncomfortable of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, which includes the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very resinance with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together.
I picked up television interviews, and it took the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I had fear of becoming the instructional influence of the process of the process of the rainforest -- a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if they really worked, or whether it was able to produce love love, not just an adventure, but love, love love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months ago, and I felt, especially that people are asking the wrong question.
How do you know if we go together or not, and also say?
If the answer was not to do the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Arab wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I looked for interview approaches between college students, using what Aron called a sustainable personal Andrew, progressive and refrigerator.
Sounds romantic. Right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer after doing that, several petals that are also used by using Professor Richard Facebook as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it among members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article -- but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came to me and told me with summer. I tried the study and it didn't work.
He seemed sorry for it.
And I am. You want to say that you love the person with who you did it.
Well, he made a pandemic.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I, but they became better friends.
They felt that they were able to know better after testing the studio.
The army.
So, worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled on the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was looking at a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which I did basically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I flew in science.
I investigate everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow be worth the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought it's just research for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was mad with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more reduction.
I have more confidence to find what I love.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can get to me.
What I love from love is a guarantee -- not just to be lost today and to be fired tomorrow, but it will continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if they were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a store for love.
There can be a way to somehow mitigate something from the impossible risk, and this is a very tight story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still remain together?
And your content with a answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I propose we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are completely completely completely completely completely completely completely connected when you know how to cut and disappear?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, it's this: a year ago, a meeting and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love us, we still follow together. And I'm very happy.
But it's not the same thing that they remain love.
So love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article. The love didn't happen.
We would start to love because we take the choice to be.
And I was very excited about reading now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything that I knew that choice.
I don't know how many times we would have both to make that decision, and maybe you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before you always choose or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, and I had chosen to love someone so generous and love and fun, and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship in the kind of myth I don't think really.
And what I look for, and what maybe spending my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy part of the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I didn't really write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he also loved me, and it's frightening.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of metal fires and in a way as a forest of the forest.
The city in New York City does a time.  Something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box and I found a dollar of a dollar, a pen and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens found this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spectacs.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has funny because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
In a given moment I was in Hawaii -- like going to expression and making surfing and all those weird things, and I was doing a collaborator for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw all the pages and I did a kind of crime cell charge of the Alexander Martin, the pink collapses and a bee was stuck.
Well, my mother has fear of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resident on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened the opposite, in some way it seemed to increase size, like you look at the text with a magnifying line.
So I did -- I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements -- frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow through the training, draw the same thing around a shop on the crime scene.
And I got the objects and I created my own specialized spectrum tale.
First of all, bit of all, you can make an idea.
Then I made some insects and a strange creature.
It was very fun to draw on the playground.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to center, for example, go to Secretary.
It was great, man.
At some point I am interested in the human form -- screen sculptures with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing, she died.
I didn't know what to do, because the record was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to drawing in a window, and then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and I could stop using the reserve.
So I did this for years, and my work came with something very big, which I call a "sense?
For the "second," I was inspired by a lot of depression in the Darwin Bank of Harvard Boston who is a painting in the Museum of the Professor in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the Alannia. Just explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Six meters long.
It has twice face, so it's 10 feet of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the landscapes.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals of animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this anti-red anti-red mesh where they hide.
So here is where creatures with animals of animals are headed to the face, ready for mass surgeon in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird block attached to a store.
Bill Graham is in the sea, the Hollywood -- the federal platform of the Warren Blackberry, the Opera Bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of morality.
It's coming out of the ocean, and oil screen in a hand while the other hand comes out of clouds.
Their hands are like balloons and it seems like a metaphor that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's an aspect of the Alaska.
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I chose in.
And then, when you go on the other side, it has a train, like a bird pig, and the clouds of this area.
It also has a 500 feet long, a snake tail that joins the Alaska.
Anyway, his tail would be able to fire on a voice.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a blood carbon blood made of terrorist card card cards.
Have you seen them.
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball bankers of terrorism.
Very nice at his time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "speed."
It's about a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and materials are excited, dictionaries or magazines.
But each act as a kind of archive in the form of being human, and traveling in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope confidence that weighs 1,000 pounds with a human woman in its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- there's the chest. You can get the entrance in.
They were accompanied by the rest of the body, there is a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or non-organization, or whatever it is, a kind of anti-catalog thing.
It's a quick clip of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body party in half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that go out and enter the head of this strange state.
There's a little orange scene inside the top.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box called Pennsylvania Warriority.
In this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscience, a painting, a magic, a writer, a radio, a school, a school, an editorial arm that shows all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We hold the box and all the people in a joke with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these kinds of countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with the lung and generation things we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you shake your head?
Take a horrific.
But so this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intestine and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and emotional system so that any drug dropping effect in the body.
Designer, though, is that by bringing it, any drug is diagnosed.
And this is a big problem, especially on HIV patients.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of virus in the blood, and increase the CO2 cells.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in time they take the blood stream, they die down, and worse still for the time they take up to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV.
These are regions of the body like the lymph lymph games, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is incorporated and it doesn't even go into the blood fabric of the patients that are sent to the region that are repeated with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem from HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of life associated by oral life.
And one day, I sat down, and I thought, "Can we make the treatment directly to the dense of the virus, without the risk of doctors of drugs?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in operation, for the heart care and surgery of diabetes, you can use it for anything imagine, including the internal transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or perceiving extremely small holes that open and shut almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you ask, "How is that possible?
We sent a small and powerful laser rat on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes down the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscope.
Before you even realize, the hole is reduced immediately.
Now we're testing this technology in vitro or Pennsylvania plates, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an increase in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an indication that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it has success, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying these non-verbal armed groups, armed organizations like terrorists, interviewed or military.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to understand better to these generous agents of violence and study ways to encourage violent participation to nonviolent nonviolent nonviolent nonviolent nonviolent nonviolent nonviolent conflict.
I do field work in the world of politics and library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a distribution between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and actors.
For example, from the 1850 signed peace between 1975 and 2011, 1960 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, even we should even engage or break them into any process of resolution.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but no one analyzed what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and political policies are relationships.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the High Shanghai, met by his violent violence against Israel.
From its creation in the 1970s, HeForShe has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestinian, met for his suicide attacks against Israel, also awarded the French of Gaza since 2007.
So these groups make more than just shooting them.
They're multiplied.
I started a complex machine of communication, radio stations, TV channels -- Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here they have the Aristoll magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups also invest in a complex array of funds without savings, but by anonymous business, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, including their funds to get better and build their brand.
Army groups also do something else, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, bringing hospitals together to bring professional training programs or microscope formation.
Herrenson offers all these services and more.
Army groups also try to conquer the population offering something that the state is not going, security and protection.
The shop of the Taliban in an Afghanistan spread through the war or even the beginning of the AIDS advance, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a cow, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election of the 2008 electronic victory can't understand without recognize the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are sleep.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and it comes up like armed and political groups, participating in violent struggle and giving them governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, less we can catch them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Herrenson."
Give me part of a territory -- drive all its functions -- pick up the trash -- give you the supply system.
Is it a state -- it's a red group.
Or maybe something else, something new and different.
And what is HIV?
The lines are destroyed.
We live in a world of states of nations without state and sleeping, and the more weak the states, like in the Middle East, the more intervene and fill that gap out of the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to contribute these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
They fill that governance vacuum has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and contribute peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives offer to foster the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new discussion between states and actors, military power can win some batteries, but it doesn't give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vaccine to fill that security vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a woman as a woman and a feminist.
My views about gender equality are vehicle, but afraid they accept the label of "graduate "finger" would be unfair for feminists.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I was assembled as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad feminist "The bad feminist and then in the interviews, people started calling the Malawi Federal.
So what started as a personal joke, I dedicated myself and a deliberate proportion, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about the feminists, these furry women, angry women with men and who hated sex -- as if that was bad.
Today, I see how women are treating all over the world and anger, in particular, looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people in the first point that I could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was a acceleration, a word therapist and display.
I was label as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which asks too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that female woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist -- and also, proud of being about.
For me, certain claims are amazing, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same job for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we design it, free or violence.
We have right to use very easy and accessible the constants and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evolutionary doctrines to do.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have our other identities in account.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality and social condition, and so on.
We need to have these differences and how to affect us, the same way that what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are obvious, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of me.
I have another confession.
When I drive the job, I hear the pink music to pay all volume.
Even though the letter drew women and offends me, the classic "Compassion Shakespeare of the YouTube Yale Taliban is amazing.
"She reality with your locomotive break.
Peace: Do you get it up until you bend the cord?
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely metabolic by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the recording of garbage and the manager of the grass and the manufacturing man.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazine and beautiful things.
I can see "The Bangladesh, and the romantic comments, and I have abstract fantasies from the stories that are getting true.
Some of my declines are more described.
If a woman wants to adopt their husband, it's their choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their children, I accepted that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is linked so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
Let's solve this problem.
Remember the conventional feminist that has ignored or destroyed the needs of the women of color, workers and honest and traditions, to white women, horizons, middle class and high.
Listening -- if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist family.
It also happens next -- as a feminist. I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put females in a penguin.
We hope that I went down to perfection.
When we get rid of us, we recorded them with a lot of love from the same penguin where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I have already considered me from that penguin before I try to put it there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders have fear of being labeled as females.
They have fear of putting foot and saying, "Yes, I'm a female, because of fear of what that sticker means to fear not to be able to deal with a little bit of realistic expectations.
Take a look for example, or as I call it. The Diagons.
In the last few years it's a statement.
In the Monterey Museum Venters of 2011, at MIT, act from the word "The word "The 100 feet tall.
It was a wonderful show, looking at this star of the park alternating the feminism and making women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
It spent the time, cultural critics started dense debate if Benjamin was or not to be quite feminine.
They capture their feminism instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We have a perfect sense of feminists, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot of need to be so aware of it.
We go far beyond the critical and constructive critic to design the feminist of any woman, and they will destroy it until it has nothing.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of party.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our impressions to realize, going to action and being a little bit more valuable.
If I hear demonstration music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we get the change to affect their profit.
No doubt is hard.
Why is their music that will be so pretty perfect?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when bad decisions are competing this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my supermarkets, three and four years.
These are two gorgeous girls, decided and brilliant, and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are asked by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option is accepted as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as a sport -- it's the Gandhi Canopy.
We can change radio school when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than as a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers, like collapse sands.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to put it in your magazine, you will participate in your project, or work with you, until you don't include an enough number of women, so much to participate like to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your published, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people.
Those of us who are supervisities, but invite to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny ourselves to be interviewed until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision downtowns.
Because we are not perfect best. Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little assets of value and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the direct and property producers of film and music, Chicago, the legislators, people who can take great decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also choose our feminism -- good, bad, or any of any skill.
The last line of my book "The feminist Federation says, "You have to be a bad feminist to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, most of all, because I applied my voice was stolen and the feminist helped me to get it back.
There was an incident.
I call it income to do what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
He represented my voice, and after all, I didn't think I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with that, I went back to writing.
I remember myself in a stronger version of myself.
The words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who look like me and understand what they mean to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
The words of the women who showed me that was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also found that if it was a little bit courageous -- another woman could hear and see and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I survived the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist female, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit courageous when you need a vaccine.
Right after Christmas last year, 134 children in California, they had known to have visited Dishrook or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then ran the border with Canada, infecting over 100 children in Queen.
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the knowledge that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century ago, but many of the children involved in the December drone hadn't been vaccinated because their parents had fear of something supposedly worse, the autism.
But a moment, it wasn't the article who unleashed the police about autism and developing vaccines, distributed and marker for being a fraud destroyed by the British Medical Robert."
I don't believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a strange?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world remain afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children from having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the increases of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism is considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard of her are creating their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000 children per 100,000.
But then, in the 1990s, numbers began to shoot them.
Form reference organizations like autism Santa refer to automatic autism as an epidemic as if I could tell you about another child in Dishraria.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Disease Disease Center, what is going on, tend to move in phrases like "particular diagnostic "fingers," and "The better event detection to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't break a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two years, the visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to be appropriately, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the most difficult cases of autism to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and blood progress of science that with the power of nation.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist read Leonardo, Leonardo Karden, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1947 Karline published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be a private worlds -- they were watching people around their own parents, even their own parents.
They could have fun for hours holding their hands into their faces, but they were prey from the panic for the mentor as when they don't put their favorite toys in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1990s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, they declared that he had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome as they were collecting reference from places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not surprisingly, because the Kevin criteria for the diagnosis of autism were very resistant.
For example, unfortunately, I will give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that evolution is very common in autism.
Once he was glad that he had turned to nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to his comfort for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not central.
They classify autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold and paralyzed parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully maintained in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are stored in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they were two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite destruction, he correctly said, "Look.
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, and they would claim things like children were simply replaced what they had heard their parents dead, desperate for winning their approach.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started to test the theory of Kanzi that autism was weird.
Larry Windows, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the welfare mothers of Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and her husband John was warm and advertising, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susan.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sun without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To advocate to the National Service Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and his colleague Johannes Google decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
We looked at a suburb from London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Kanzi model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse and diverse.
Some children could not speak at all, whereas others were controlled in their fascination for astronomy, in dinosaurs or in the generation of reality.
Otherwise, these kids were not going to fit into bright and holes -- as Julians, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the manufacturing model of Kanzi would have predicted it.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have been perceived from these children before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to Kara article, and then I forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but allowed the collaboration to lie in his own work.
He didn't even have a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Lord spoke German, and he brought it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Marine, who runs a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Monterey for teaching children with learning differences were even protected for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with sorts of expensive exercises with music, and kids follow their games at the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Alicam described the described as a physical discussion of life that requires compassionate sounds of support and spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients -- Mark calls them their little teachers, and they were dedicated to help the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
It was fundamentally and Montana saw autism as a diverse continuum that has an amazing variety of people and disabilities.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always have been, and look at aspects of this continuum in architects known in the pop culture as the southern social scientist and the teacher discovered.
He was more there even to say, that for success in science and art, a picture of autism is essential.
Louis and Julian found that Kanzi was wrong that autism was incredibly inconvenient, as well as the parents were the capitalism.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychology to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called an autistic perspective.
At the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes were going to come in live, and they support the limited model of Kanzi by a wide and including Marine.
These changes don't fall in broken card.
In fact, when Lebanon and Julian worked between basis to reform these criteria -- people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out, "The Man in 1988, just a little circle, surrounded by experts knew what the autism was, but after the indication of Descartes Harvard like Ray Japan and the recognition of "The Man," the Pietroos, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little bit of experts to get a diagnosis for her son.
The combination of "The Man," the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created an effect of network, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostic started to climb, like Professor and Juliano, actually hoped that it was, make people with autism, and their families finally get the support and the services they deserve.
So Andrew Wikipedia came to blame vaccines for the increase in diagnosis, and a simple, powerful, and service story created as bad as Kara theory that autism was influence.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one of every 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the authorities are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by the new medical advances -- to reach the term that the human cognition, to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neurologists is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows -- doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, in social precisely, and it suffers from a deficit of attention to detail.
The autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Martin, who believed that "the "from for the most ingredient aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, entrepreneurs with ability, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Alan Zealand once said, "We have all the hands in cover to get rid of the soul of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
